Brand,Category,Title,Text,Rating,Date,Source,Clean_Text
ASOS,Fast Fashion,"Borderline Illegal Scam Company, Avoid at all costs and shop elsewhere","This company is so poor. First they delayed my package shipment by two weeks making me miss the event I needed the clothes for and had to make last minute plans. When I tried to cancel the package (keep in mind it hadn't even shipped yet) they told me there was nothing that could be done. After processing the return, now I am dealing with another hassle with this company as they claim that one of the items I bought was not included in the return. The package wasn't even opened! It went from my mailbox right back to the UPS drop off. Avoid this company at all costs.",1,2026-06-18 01:30:08+00:00,Trustpilot,company poor first delayed package shipment two week making miss event needed clothes make last minute plan tried cancel package keep mind hadnt even shipped yet told nothing could done processing return dealing another hassle company claim one item bought included return package wasnt even opened went mailbox right back ups drop avoid company cost
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Horrible received damaged items and…,"Horrible received damaged items and return rejected, so now I have not received a refund. Thieves! Poor quality overpriced clothes",1,2026-06-17 22:44:27+00:00,Trustpilot,horrible received damaged item return rejected received refund thief poor quality overpriced clothes
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Customer agent was dishonest in dealing…,Customer agent was dishonest in dealing with an exchange and basically told me lies. Tried to raise a concern about this but  just got passed around with promises of a resolution email which never came!,1,2026-06-17 22:39:06+00:00,Trustpilot,customer agent dishonest dealing exchange basically told lie tried raise concern got passed around promise resolution email never came
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Boohoo have been really hard to get…,Boohoo have been really hard to get hold of in the past. Would take 3-7 days for a reply via email. I used whats app today and the advisor kai was brilliant and very helpful Thankyou,5,2026-06-17 22:23:29+00:00,Trustpilot,boohoo really hard get hold past would take day reply via email used whats app today advisor kai brilliant helpful thankyou
ASOS,Fast Fashion,rejected a return wrongfully,"I accidentally ordered an item twice and tried to return one of the duplicates, which had never been tried on. The return was rejected on the grounds that the item had dirt marks - marks I believe came from a previous customer, not me. When I contacted customer service to appeal, they shut the conversation down without giving me a chance to explain. I won't be ordering from them again, which is disappointing after being a loyal customer for over 10 years."" Main fixes: split the run-on opening sentence so the ""ordered it twice"" and ""never tried on"" details land separately, clarified that the rejection happened because of the dirt marks (the original left it ambiguous), and smoothed the ending so the ""10 years"" point lands with more weight.",1,2026-06-17 21:14:18+00:00,Trustpilot,accidentally ordered item twice tried return one duplicate never tried return rejected ground item dirt mark mark believe came previous customer contacted customer service appeal shut conversation without giving chance explain wont ordering disappointing loyal customer year main fix split runon opening sentence ordered twice never tried detail land separately clarified rejection happened dirt mark original left ambiguous smoothed ending year point land weight
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Poor Handling of a Manufacturing Defect,"I attempted to make a claim with ASOS for an On product that developed what I believe to be a manufacturing defect. After contacting On directly, I was advised that ASOS, as the retailer, would be responsible for handling the claim. My claim was initially rejected because the item had been worn and was outside the standard returns window. This reasoning makes little sense—how would a manufacturing defect become apparent without the item being worn and used? The situation then became even more frustrating when ASOS returned the item to an address I have not lived at for over seven years. The current occupant understandably refused delivery, and I now have no idea where the item is. I am left without the product and without a refund. Under the Consumer Rights Act, consumers have statutory rights regarding faulty goods that extend beyond a retailer’s standard returns policy. Despite this, ASOS has failed to properly address my claim or provide a satisfactory resolution. I have spent far more time chasing this issue than any customer should reasonably be expected to, and there appears to be little effort from ASOS to resolve the matter. Very disappointing customer service and complaint handling.",1,2026-06-17 21:10:25+00:00,Trustpilot,attempted make claim asos product developed believe manufacturing defect contacting directly advised asos retailer would responsible handling claim claim initially rejected item worn outside standard return window reasoning make little sensehow would manufacturing defect become apparent without item worn used situation became even frustrating asos returned item address lived seven year current occupant understandably refused delivery idea item left without product without refund consumer right act consumer statutory right regarding faulty good extend beyond retailer standard return policy despite asos failed properly address claim provide satisfactory resolution spent far time chasing issue customer reasonably expected appears little effort asos resolve matter disappointing customer service complaint handling
ASOS,Fast Fashion,The same as everyone else. Returns are an absolute scam,The same as everyone else. They don’t send the returns labels then refuse to let you return it even when they’re in fault. Absolute joke! What the hell as happened to ASOS?,1,2026-06-17 19:28:01+00:00,Trustpilot,everyone else dont send return label refuse let return even theyre fault absolute joke hell happened asos
ASOS,Fast Fashion,So disappointed,"I bought the same thing twice and both times they sent me the wrong size So disappointed with this company, never gonna ever buy anything from this place again with customers care online chat really bad never ever gonna be with this company ever again very bad. You shouldn’t buy nothing from this place again I would never ever buy nothing from this company again.",1,2026-06-17 18:47:33+00:00,Trustpilot,bought thing twice time sent wrong size disappointed company never gon na ever buy anything place customer care online chat really bad never ever gon na company ever bad shouldnt buy nothing place would never ever buy nothing company
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Kai was extremely helpful Over WhatsApp…,Kai was extremely helpful Over WhatsApp help me within minutes with my enquiry. Thank you,5,2026-06-17 18:04:51+00:00,Trustpilot,kai extremely helpful whatsapp help within minute enquiry thank
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Never had an issue with boohoo,"Never had an issue with boohoo. Couldn't find my details to refund one item,  helped over chat and made it really quick and simple.",5,2026-06-17 15:12:13+00:00,Trustpilot,never issue boohoo couldnt find detail refund one item helped chat made really quick simple
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Used Items Resold as New,"I had my eye on a Ralph Lauren jumper for a while and couldn't find it anywhere else. It finally came back into stock during a sale, so I ordered it straight away. When it arrived, it was covered in pet hair, smelled strongly of aftershave, had no tags attached, had visible marks, and several pulled threads. It clearly did not appear to be in the condition I would expect for a new item. I spent over an hour speaking with customer services and explained that I would be happy to keep the jumper if a partial refund could be offered to reflect its condition, especially as it is now sold out and cannot be replaced. However, I was told the only option was to return it for inspection, and a refund would only be considered if it was deemed to have a manufacturing fault. The most frustrating part is that if I return it and it is simply put back into stock, another customer could end up receiving the same item. Very disappointing experience and not what I would expect when purchasing a premium brand item.",1,2026-06-17 14:56:28+00:00,Trustpilot,eye ralph lauren jumper couldnt find anywhere else finally came back stock sale ordered straight away arrived covered pet hair smelled strongly aftershave tag attached visible mark several pulled thread clearly appear condition would expect new item spent hour speaking customer service explained would happy keep jumper partial refund could offered reflect condition especially sold replaced however told option return inspection refund would considered deemed manufacturing fault frustrating part return simply put back stock another customer could end receiving item disappointing experience would expect purchasing premium brand item
Missguided,Fast Fashion,The worst experience ever,"The worst experience ever, the quality of clothes - shocking! To return stuff - shocking! Contacted their customer service no response!!!!!!!",1,2026-06-17 14:02:02+00:00,Trustpilot,worst experience ever quality clothes shocking return stuff shocking contacted customer service response
Missguided,Fast Fashion,AVOID,AVOID.  I ordered an denim jumpsuit for my wife 43.71 company Fashionchoi.  The sizing was way off and too big.  I returned the item and they said they had sent the refund but it never arrived in my account.  When contacted all they say is that its been sent.  I still have not received my refund  They also are not a UK company on payment fashionchoi.  I also got an email and said it was from shein so you know where the clothing comes from. Avoid sizing are bad and they dont like paying refunds,1,2026-06-17 12:03:13+00:00,Trustpilot,avoid ordered denim jumpsuit wife company fashionchoi sizing way big returned item said sent refund never arrived account contacted say sent still received refund also uk company payment fashionchoi also got email said shein know clothing come avoid sizing bad dont like paying refund
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Absolutely shocking customer service,Absolutely shocking customer service. Just get fobbed off with the same thing on their chat. I've now asked 4 times what their official complaints procedure is and am apparently chatting with a manager now and nobody can tell me. I won't be using this company ever again because if something goes wrong you can't get any help.,1,2026-06-17 11:47:32+00:00,Trustpilot,absolutely shocking customer service get fobbed thing chat ive asked time official complaint procedure apparently chatting manager nobody tell wont using company ever something go wrong cant get help
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Boohoo returns and customer service is…,Boohoo returns and customer service is AWFUL. I will never order from there again,1,2026-06-17 11:08:33+00:00,Trustpilot,boohoo return customer service awful never order
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Zero customer service,Zero customer service,1,2026-06-17 09:29:10+00:00,Trustpilot,zero customer service
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,I returned a couple of tops which were…,I returned a couple of tops which were badly made and I'll fitting. I did not select to be refunded to a gift card. However this is exactly what I was given. A gift card to be used within 3 months. I got in touch with boohoo to explain I did not choose to be refunded to a gift card and could I be refunded to my original payment method instead and the answer was no. Therefore I will never order from boohoo again.,1,2026-06-17 07:21:44+00:00,Trustpilot,returned couple top badly made ill fitting select refunded gift card however exactly given gift card used within month got touch boohoo explain choose refunded gift card could refunded original payment method instead answer therefore never order boohoo
ASOS,Fast Fashion,First time customer - great experience,"As a first time customer of ASOS, I almost didnt buy on their website because of the reviews I read on here. My expectations were very low. However, I have chosen to leave a review because my experience has been very good. I didnt bother ordering with express delivery after reading these reviews, so waited for standard service. It took a week but I did get an email saying sorry for the delay from ASOS. When it was dispatched, I had regular updates. The clothing was much better quality than I was expecting, esp for the price. All 4 items were in pristine condition. Unfortunately I had ordered too large a size. I arranged a return and it was very easy - all items could go in one parcel and I got a QR code for royal mail. Asos helped me find my nearest drop off point and a sent a confirmation email that it was with Royal Mail. I can even track my return. My confidence has been restored in ASOS, so much so that I have ordered again the same items in a smaller size (which I could have exchanged free of charge). I have already had an email saying my items are dispatched and I'm confident they will arrive shortly.",5,2026-06-16 20:55:47+00:00,Trustpilot,first time customer asos almost didnt buy website review read expectation low however chosen leave review experience good didnt bother ordering express delivery reading review waited standard service took week get email saying sorry delay asos dispatched regular update clothing much better quality expecting esp price item pristine condition unfortunately ordered large size arranged return easy item could go one parcel got qr code royal mail asos helped find nearest drop point sent confirmation email royal mail even track return confidence restored asos much ordered item smaller size could exchanged free charge already email saying item dispatched im confident arrive shortly
ASOS,Fast Fashion,The worst customer service,"The worst customer service. I paid for a premier account but then still had to pay a delivery charge. I’ve been told the premier takes 1 hour to activate however this is not stated in the terms and conditions, nor is it communicated at any point of subscription. Unfortunately I’ve been waiting 2 weeks to resolve the matter and try to get a refund. It’s impossible to speak with a human it’s all live chat communication with unhelpful AI",1,2026-06-16 20:17:35+00:00,Trustpilot,worst customer service paid premier account still pay delivery charge ive told premier take hour activate however stated term condition communicated point subscription unfortunately ive waiting week resolve matter try get refund impossible speak human live chat communication unhelpful ai
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Some good deals but bad delivery,"Okay to review regarding this company is that it can offer some good deals which I'm happy with when I can find a good deal. You are totally let down by your delivery company I haven't ordered for over two years and I recently ordered you have changed your delivery company to a company called Relay. I receive the message in advance regarding delivery and I replied with ""13th Floor both lifts work"" which gives an indication of how I would like to delivery to happen. I live in a block of flats 132 flats the driver arrived and I said please come to the 13th Floor when I opened the door via the intercom for the driver the driver deliberately left my goods downstairs in the communal area where any Tom, Richard and Harry can pick up my items and walk off with it. Based on this interaction I do not believe I will be buying anything from ASOS again. You've change your delivery company to an even worse delivery company which will make you lose customers.",3,2026-06-16 19:05:06+00:00,Trustpilot,okay review regarding company offer good deal im happy find good deal totally let delivery company havent ordered two year recently ordered changed delivery company company called relay receive message advance regarding delivery replied th floor lift work give indication would like delivery happen live block flat flat driver arrived said please come th floor opened door via intercom driver driver deliberately left good downstairs communal area tom richard harry pick item walk based interaction believe buying anything asos youve change delivery company even worse delivery company make lose customer
ASOS,Fast Fashion,I received a 25% discount voucher code…,"I received a 25% discount voucher code on the 14th June SUNDAZE, I found the email Saturday the 15th June on my way home from travelling and thought to myself I will use it tomorrow. This morning I went to use it and it wouldn't work so I had a communication with ASOS chatbot who didn't understand why so he put me through to a human customer service representative. After about 40 minutes being asked to wait she came back and told me the code was only valid for 12 hours. It was all a waist of my time. It did say in the small print limited time but not 12 hours only. Really bad service all round.",1,2026-06-16 18:33:41+00:00,Trustpilot,received discount voucher code th june sundaze found email saturday th june way home travelling thought use tomorrow morning went use wouldnt work communication asos chatbot didnt understand put human customer service representative minute asked wait came back told code valid hour waist time say small print limited time hour really bad service round
ASOS,Fast Fashion,No customer service available,"No customer service available, only a FAQ and a chatbot. Spent half a day to get in contact with an actual person, who couldn't help me anyway. Due to different circumstances the return window had expired by a few days but they showed no interest in finding a solution or an acceptable compromise. I know they followed their policy but many comparable companies have some interest in keeping their customers.",1,2026-06-16 17:56:33+00:00,Trustpilot,customer service available faq chatbot spent half day get contact actual person couldnt help anyway due different circumstance return window expired day showed interest finding solution acceptable compromise know followed policy many comparable company interest keeping customer
ASOS,Fast Fashion,FedEx sucks,"I’ve always loved ASOS, but ever since they changed their delivery to FedEx - my packages have been delivered super late.",2,2026-06-16 17:03:23+00:00,Trustpilot,ive always loved asos ever since changed delivery fedex package delivered super late
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Absolutely terrible service from ASOS,"Absolutely terrible service from ASOS. Purchased a virtual gift card for my mum for her birthday, gift card never received. Proceeded to message them now 6 times and going around in circles with AI and the service agents just say the vouchers team will get back to you. 8 days later, still no voucher. Do not purchase the virtual vouchers because you’ll never get it and they’ll steal your money! Very disappointed.",1,2026-06-16 15:55:24+00:00,Trustpilot,absolutely terrible service asos purchased virtual gift card mum birthday gift card never received proceeded message time going around circle ai service agent say voucher team get back day later still voucher purchase virtual voucher youll never get theyll steal money disappointed
Missguided,Fast Fashion,I had to give one star as would not…,"I had to give one star as would not leave me 0. Please do not order from here, clothes not that good, but return policy is shocking, they claim you can return by Evri but you cant and cost of return is £10, this is a joke.",1,2026-06-16 15:44:42+00:00,Trustpilot,give one star would leave please order clothes good return policy shocking claim return evri cant cost return joke
ASOS,Fast Fashion,I never received my money back,"Over the past 4 years, I have contacted ASOS customer support multiple times regarding unresolved refunds for two orders. Each time I was told to wait and that someone would contact me once a solution was found. However, I was never contacted by anyone, and I had to repeatedly reach out myself without any real resolution. During this time, I also offered multiple alternative solutions, including refunding to a different international bank account, PayPal, or issuing the refund as store credit/voucher. None of these options were ever implemented, and I never received my money back. Despite this situation, I continued to shop with ASOS and remained a loyal customer for a long time. Unfortunately, after years of unsuccessful communication and no resolution, I was effectively refused my refund. In my view, this situation does not comply with my rights as a consumer, as the company failed to provide a proper refund or a viable alternative solution within a reasonable timeframe. I am disappointed with how this case was handled and the lack of follow-through on repeated promises to resolve the issue, and I can no longer continue as a customer of this company.",1,2026-06-16 15:11:58+00:00,Trustpilot,past year contacted asos customer support multiple time regarding unresolved refund two order time told wait someone would contact solution found however never contacted anyone repeatedly reach without real resolution time also offered multiple alternative solution including refunding different international bank account paypal issuing refund store creditvoucher none option ever implemented never received money back despite situation continued shop asos remained loyal customer long time unfortunately year unsuccessful communication resolution effectively refused refund view situation comply right consumer company failed provide proper refund viable alternative solution within reasonable timeframe disappointed case handled lack followthrough repeated promise resolve issue longer continue customer company
ASOS,Fast Fashion,ASOS have become a joke at this point,"ASOS have a fantastic range of fashion items, but what use is that if they partner with a courier like Evri that fails to deliver. Twice this month Evri have lost my ASOS items, including a dress needed to attend a wedding abroad. As a longtime ASOS Premier customer I am now reluctant to place order because I am doubtful it will be received. And then all ASOS offer for support is a useless chatbot system that confirms how little customers are valued. ASOS is at risk of becoming a joke and faded memory if they continue to refuse to be customer focused. Take the hint from a management consultant and transformation specialist.",1,2026-06-16 14:35:09+00:00,Trustpilot,asos fantastic range fashion item use partner courier like evri fails deliver twice month evri lost asos item including dress needed attend wedding abroad longtime asos premier customer reluctant place order doubtful received asos offer support useless chatbot system confirms little customer valued asos risk becoming joke faded memory continue refuse customer focused take hint management consultant transformation specialist
ASOS,Fast Fashion,i lost out a £150 gift voucher which…,i lost out a £150 gift voucher which was given as wedding anniversary present. i acknowledged the expiry date had gone past but if just a genuine oversight on my part and ASOS could've easily reissued it. Instead they decided to keep £150 (real money) without providing any goods or services and Ive been using them for years now and have spent a lot more then £150. WONT be using asos again ive spent £500 giving out gift vouchers alone last year but will be using other brands going forward,1,2026-06-16 14:31:15+00:00,Trustpilot,lost gift voucher given wedding anniversary present acknowledged expiry date gone past genuine oversight part asos couldve easily reissued instead decided keep real money without providing good service ive using year spent lot wont using asos ive spent giving gift voucher alone last year using brand going forward
ASOS,Fast Fashion,"terrible experience, dont waste your money.","terrible experience, i ordered a hoodie 3 seperate times and they shipped the SAME WRONG item every single time. dont bother wasting your time or money here.",1,2026-06-16 13:54:17+00:00,Trustpilot,terrible experience ordered hoodie seperate time shipped wrong item every single time dont bother wasting time money
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Slowest delivery EVER,"I ordered on a Monday morning so I could have my new clothes for a weekend away. A bit naive on my part. The clothes were delivered on the Friday afternoon and by that time I was already at the airport. If you want something for a certain date, maybe order 2 weeks in advance, or go to a shopping centre.",1,2026-06-16 10:35:31+00:00,Trustpilot,ordered monday morning could new clothes weekend away bit naive part clothes delivered friday afternoon time already airport want something certain date maybe order week advance go shopping centre
ASOS,Fast Fashion,If you had not sent the wrong item and…,"If you had not sent the wrong item and refused an exchange, I would not have had to place a second order, and I would not had had to pay an additional £4.50 ( shipping). It’s not my fault you couldn’t get it right the first time or the second time and it’s not my fault that you aggressively forced me to have a refund when I wanted an exchange",1,2026-06-16 09:17:35+00:00,Trustpilot,sent wrong item refused exchange would place second order would pay additional shipping fault couldnt get right first time second time fault aggressively forced refund wanted exchange
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Not helpful and very generic statements…,Not helpful and very generic statements when dealing with customer service. Nothing but issues within ASOS generally my order and tracking them. Also they don’t do exchanges on returns so because of that buying for the first time discount code was essentially void as I had to make another order for the same item in a different size & that was according to them my second order. Just sly and won’t actually help correct things like that,1,2026-06-16 07:04:37+00:00,Trustpilot,helpful generic statement dealing customer service nothing issue within asos generally order tracking also dont exchange return buying first time discount code essentially void make another order item different size according second order sly wont actually help correct thing like
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,absolute disgrace of a company,absolute disgrace of a company i ordered a top on a tuesday which was needed for an event on the saturday so i paid a lot of money for next day delivery and by friday i was very concerned where my top was so i contacted boohoo to which they said it wont come for TWO WEEKS i said are you mad i needed it for saturday and i paid far too much for shipping no refund for that btw. just for the on the saturday morning cancel my order completely absolutely gutted loved that top,1,2026-06-16 01:14:09+00:00,Trustpilot,absolute disgrace company ordered top tuesday needed event saturday paid lot money next day delivery friday concerned top contacted boohoo said wont come two week said mad needed saturday paid far much shipping refund btw saturday morning cancel order completely absolutely gutted loved top
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Returns policy is terrible,"Placed a really big order and a handful of items needed to be returned or exchanged. I was literally 6 days past their 28 day returns policy (was ordered for my wife’s birthday and I mistakenly ordered too early!) but even though I explained that, ASOS would not budge… terrible service and I will not use them again",1,2026-06-15 23:02:36+00:00,Trustpilot,placed really big order handful item needed returned exchanged literally day past day return policy ordered wife birthday mistakenly ordered early even though explained asos would budge terrible service use
ASOS,Fast Fashion,ASOS premier rip-off,"Signed up to ASOS Premier, placed an order and was charged for next day delivery on the ASOS supplied portion of the order when it should have been free. I contacted them requesting a refund for the delivery fee to be told that the premier subscription hadn’t kicked in yet (I had been charged). They refused to refund the fee.",1,2026-06-15 22:17:39+00:00,Trustpilot,signed asos premier placed order charged next day delivery asos supplied portion order free contacted requesting refund delivery fee told premier subscription hadnt kicked yet charged refused refund fee
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Slow dispatch!,"Products good, slow dispatch.",3,2026-06-15 22:00:42+00:00,Trustpilot,product good slow dispatch
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Impossible deleting a “social” account. Time wasted. Frustrated and annoyed.,"For some reason I ended up with a social account that was connected to my Apple ID. As a result, my ASOS emails kept going to my work email. This made organising my affairs very messy. Because I had gift vouchers on my account I had to stick with this for awhile but once the vouchers were spent, I tried to disconnect my Apple ID from my ASOS account so that I could start getting the email sent to my personal account instead. After much time wasting via the so-called helpline, I discovered that resetting my password was impossible and I kept getting the “access denied” message. I was going round in circles which was very infuriating. Finally, I had no option but to delete my account and lose all of the benefits that I had built up. The help Centre is no help. They just fob you off and ask you to come back 24 hours later. I feel very frustrated and disappointed that I have lost all my “perks”.",1,2026-06-15 21:59:59+00:00,Trustpilot,reason ended social account connected apple id result asos email kept going work email made organising affair messy gift voucher account stick awhile voucher spent tried disconnect apple id asos account could start getting email sent personal account instead much time wasting via socalled helpline discovered resetting password impossible kept getting access denied message going round circle infuriating finally option delete account lose benefit built help centre help fob ask come back hour later feel frustrated disappointed lost perk
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,I boight some organic cotton tshirts…,"I bought some organic cotton tshirts and loved how soft they were, however after one wash some of them have had the stitching undo, pretty disappointing. I contacted their customer services and recieved an email saying they'd get back to me in 2 days or less, a week on im still yet to recieve any response order number 9714371",2,2026-06-15 20:42:41+00:00,Trustpilot,bought organic cotton tshirts loved soft however one wash stitching undo pretty disappointing contacted customer service recieved email saying theyd get back day less week im still yet recieve response order number
ASOS,Fast Fashion,I wish I can give 0,I wish I can give 0 Don’t order from them they got no customer service Only stupid chat they haven’t got a clue what they doing they need to be closed and reported to ombudsman,1,2026-06-15 20:19:20+00:00,Trustpilot,wish give dont order got customer service stupid chat havent got clue need closed reported ombudsman
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Missguided is now owned by SHEIN!!!!!!,"Haven’t ordered from missguided in years but always knew it as a good reputable clothing company. Ordered a beautiful dress for £40. Tracked my order after a week and realised it’s coming from China! Googled why it’s coming from China and it’s because SHEIN have bought the company. All items are made by SHEIN now. Went n SHEIN and the exact dress is a fraction of the price with a 3-day delivery promise. Now over 2 weeks since I placed my order and the event I bought it for has been and gone. AVOID! Or at the very least, buy it on SHEIN for cheaper and it arrives quicker!!",1,2026-06-15 16:40:54+00:00,Trustpilot,havent ordered missguided year always knew good reputable clothing company ordered beautiful dress tracked order week realised coming china googled coming china shein bought company item made shein went n shein exact dress fraction price day delivery promise week since placed order event bought gone avoid least buy shein cheaper arrives quicker
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,I don’t know what’s happened to boohoo…,"I don’t know what’s happened to boohoo but it’s gone downhill massively. I ordered two items next day delivery on. Thursday to arrive for Friday for my holiday on Monday. After trying to actually speak to a person numerous times and ask for an update, or to just cancel my order all of the “agents” who are apparently actual people just send the same generic response telling me if I don’t want the order to refuse it despite me saying numerous times I will be away for over a week and the parcel will be left outside. It’s really frustrating to not be able to actually speak to someone who can help and also their replies take forever. I also did a previous order the week before which did come on time but the quality of clothing is really poor and I have a top that is size 10 on boohoo label and then another cheap tatty looking label which is obviously like a whole sale manufacturer t shirt and the size on that is completely different. Wont be ordering from boohoo again.",1,2026-06-15 15:02:06+00:00,Trustpilot,dont know whats happened boohoo gone downhill massively ordered two item next day delivery thursday arrive friday holiday monday trying actually speak person numerous time ask update cancel order agent apparently actual people send generic response telling dont want order refuse despite saying numerous time away week parcel left outside really frustrating able actually speak someone help also reply take forever also previous order week come time quality clothing really poor top size boohoo label another cheap tatty looking label obviously like whole sale manufacturer shirt size completely different wont ordering boohoo
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,This company sent me the wrong item…,This company sent me the wrong item over a month ago and expect me to cover the cost of postage to send replacement out Its a co ord item and I asked for replacement but they said they sent a refund to the gift card but it isn’t there I’m starting to think this “clothes shop” is a cover up for something much more darker.,1,2026-06-15 14:39:06+00:00,Trustpilot,company sent wrong item month ago expect cover cost postage send replacement co ord item asked replacement said sent refund gift card isnt im starting think clothes shop cover something much darker
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Products are good but,"Products are good. I have bought clothes, and bags from here over the years. But the customer service is frustrating. I don't want to speak to an ai robot I want to speak to an actual person. Yesterday a bag I ordered got delivered to the wrong address I reported this through the customer service robot and sent them the picture of the wrong address it had been delivered to, and they sent out a replacement. But they also must of notified the delivery man that he had delivered to the wrong address because less than an hour later he arrived at my door banging aggressively shoving the parcel through my letterbox. I went onto the ASOS website to cancel the replacement they were sending out and all I got was repeated questions from the ai robot. It was frustrating. Trying to do the right thing and cancel the replacement order because I had received the package. And I can't get through to anyone. And so I'm having another parcel delivered today which I don't need or want. I tried to look at their FAQ but their information is lacking. It's not helpful.",3,2026-06-15 11:08:30+00:00,Trustpilot,product good bought clothes bag year customer service frustrating dont want speak ai robot want speak actual person yesterday bag ordered got delivered wrong address reported customer service robot sent picture wrong address delivered sent replacement also must notified delivery man delivered wrong address less hour later arrived door banging aggressively shoving parcel letterbox went onto asos website cancel replacement sending got repeated question ai robot frustrating trying right thing cancel replacement order received package cant get anyone im another parcel delivered today dont need want tried look faq information lacking helpful
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Do not use this company absolutely worst customer service,"This is the absolute worst customer service I have ever received Evri lost my parcel and after numerous chats online I still haven’t got my refund I will never use this company again, I would give them no stars if I could. There is no phone number no email you just have to catch to a computer it’s ridiculous they really don’t care, use this company at your own peril because when someone goes wrong they really can’t be bothered to sort it out all you get is you have to wait then when you’ve waited they say they are looking into it and then you have to wait again do not use this company",1,2026-06-15 10:17:20+00:00,Trustpilot,absolute worst customer service ever received evri lost parcel numerous chat online still havent got refund never use company would give star could phone number email catch computer ridiculous really dont care use company peril someone go wrong really cant bothered sort get wait youve waited say looking wait use company
ASOS,Fast Fashion,I experienced a chemical irritation and…,"I experienced a chemical irritation and mild burn from one particular item. They failed to take accountability and said this happens with oragnic cotton or could havee been the stitching scratching your skin. Completely dismissing my account of the fabric smelling of a strong chemical, as well as my ability to distinguish a scratch from a burn. Awful customer service. It took a month for the specialist team to get back to my complaint and deflect and ask me to get an allergy test from GP. Dismissing the fact they failed to disclose their clothing was doused in preserving, irritant chemicals.",1,2026-06-15 10:00:41+00:00,Trustpilot,experienced chemical irritation mild burn one particular item failed take accountability said happens oragnic cotton could havee stitching scratching skin completely dismissing account fabric smelling strong chemical well ability distinguish scratch burn awful customer service took month specialist team get back complaint deflect ask get allergy test gp dismissing fact failed disclose clothing doused preserving irritant chemical
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Difficulty returning North Face item,"Ordered a backpack through ASOS from North Face. Needed to return, as the bag was not what I expected, poorly made. ASOS is making it difficult to return as it is not their brand, now have to wait 3 days while they contact north face. I tried going straight to North Face but they will not help. Very frustrating, waste of time. I will not be shopping from ASOS again.",1,2026-06-14 20:59:11+00:00,Trustpilot,ordered backpack asos north face needed return bag expected poorly made asos making difficult return brand wait day contact north face tried going straight north face help frustrating waste time shopping asos
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Won't be ordering from here again,"Won't be ordering from here again. Refunds for returns take far too long. Posted my return on 4 June and still no refund notification. Customer Service is useless as just keep saying check back tomorrow. Never, ever again. There's so many better companies out there!",1,2026-06-14 17:13:56+00:00,Trustpilot,wont ordering refund return take far long posted return june still refund notification customer service useless keep saying check back tomorrow never ever there many better company
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Why do boohoo partner with lemon lunar,Why do boohoo partner with lemon lunar? The company is awful and makes them look really bad. The fact no one including myself has been able to submit returns as the returns page doesn’t work. Surely boohoo must have received ample complaints about this partnership. It’s ridiculous. I’ll never shop at boohoo again just for this poor choice of partnership.,2,2026-06-14 16:43:07+00:00,Trustpilot,boohoo partner lemon lunar company awful make look really bad fact one including able submit return return page doesnt work surely boohoo must received ample complaint partnership ridiculous ill never shop boohoo poor choice partnership
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Besides loving there product,"Besides loving there product, I love that they use all sorts of models to show off there products! Love this company vision! 💌 Ps. I emailed them and the reply felt like a genuine human wrote the respond.",5,2026-06-14 12:18:30+00:00,Trustpilot,besides loving product love use sort model show product love company vision p emailed reply felt like genuine human wrote respond
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Would recommend!,"Always order for my boyfriend, it always fits and the quality you get for the price is outstanding. Would recommend!!!",5,2026-06-14 11:07:45+00:00,Trustpilot,always order boyfriend always fit quality get price outstanding would recommend
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Terrible service,"Terrible service. Missed the return window by 1 day for a product that is wrongly advertised. Purchased a pair of shoes and they are 2 sizes too small. Yet because I’ve missed the return window by 1 day, won’t refund, exchange or offer even a gift voucher. Stuck with an awful quality pair of shoes… clearly shows the decline in quality and service at ASOS. Puts me off shopping in the future after being a regular customer for the last 14 years.",1,2026-06-14 09:39:12+00:00,Trustpilot,terrible service missed return window day product wrongly advertised purchased pair shoe size small yet ive missed return window day wont refund exchange offer even gift voucher stuck awful quality pair shoe clearly show decline quality service asos put shopping future regular customer last year
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Customer service,The help I received was great. It was a friendly and helpfull mail and also on the same day that I reached out!,5,2026-06-14 09:17:42+00:00,Trustpilot,help received great friendly helpfull mail also day reached
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Bought items on Boohoo,"Bought items on Boohoo, and paid for next day delivery. After paying the money, I got told the items had been received by Evri. Then on the day of delivery, I got told they would actually be delivered in a week! Boohoo is good value, but you can't trust them.",1,2026-06-14 01:28:18+00:00,Trustpilot,bought item boohoo paid next day delivery paying money got told item received evri day delivery got told would actually delivered week boohoo good value cant trust
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Customer Service support is…like dealing with enemy 🧨⏰💣,"Customer Service support is non-existent! I'm continuously contacting them on line chat regarding the same thing WHERE IS MY REFUND? The answer is charging each time from 21 days to 26 days then 31 days required for processing! Returns aren't processed in received order, but in lucky lottery or spin the wheel order. So, after 15 years of buying for three I'M QUITTING ASOS FOR GOOD 👎🏿  I am trying not to get a coronary when dealing with them, therefore I'm out 🙏 Thanks 4 Nothing ASOS!",1,2026-06-13 21:24:12+00:00,Trustpilot,customer service support nonexistent im continuously contacting line chat regarding thing refund answer charging time day day day required processing return arent processed received order lucky lottery spin wheel order year buying three im quitting asos good trying get coronary dealing therefore im thanks nothing asos
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Kia was a great help when I contacted…,Kia was a great help when I contacted customer services via messenger. Very quick response time and detailed updates!,5,2026-06-13 20:07:07+00:00,Trustpilot,kia great help contacted customer service via messenger quick response time detailed update
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Kai gave great advice,"Kai gave great advice. Was quick to respond, gave clear instructions and was polite.",5,2026-06-13 18:58:05+00:00,Trustpilot,kai gave great advice quick respond gave clear instruction polite
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Panties for teenagers not full grown women!,"I ordered some panties, which were not suitable for me.  I returned several unopened pairs.  I had notification that fewer than the number I had returned had been refunded.  Thankfully, when I drew their attention to this they immediately refunded for the remaining items with no quibble.",4,2026-06-13 17:58:17+00:00,Trustpilot,ordered panty suitable returned several unopened pair notification fewer number returned refunded thankfully drew attention immediately refunded remaining item quibble
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Many years customer,"Order #1049495202. The store uses the cheapest courier services, and my parcel was lost. Shop quickly resolved issue",5,2026-06-13 17:02:05+00:00,Trustpilot,order store us cheapest courier service parcel lost shop quickly resolved issue
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Such a huge dissapointing experience…,"Such a huge dissapointing experience with shopping at Boohoo. Did a simple order of only two items (pair of trousers and a tank top) and when parcel was finally delivered it contained two totally different (two pairs of shoes…) items. I have inmediatly notified customer services about the wrong items and said I would return them and requested for a full refund. They now only refund for the items but not the shipping costs. Which is absolutely ridiciulous, as the error was made by Boohoo and not me, so why does the customer still have to pay for the return costs. Easy profit for a shite company! The name Boohoo says it all… Dont buy anything it will be a booing experience!",1,2026-06-13 13:56:02+00:00,Trustpilot,huge dissapointing experience shopping boohoo simple order two item pair trouser tank top parcel finally delivered contained two totally different two pair shoe item inmediatly notified customer service wrong item said would return requested full refund refund item shipping cost absolutely ridiciulous error made boohoo customer still pay return cost easy profit shite company name boohoo say dont buy anything booing experience
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Next day delivery disappointment.,Next day delivery disappointment. Paid for asos premier for next day delivery. Didn't happen and then nightmare with customer service. Issue still not resolved.,1,2026-06-13 09:35:42+00:00,Trustpilot,next day delivery disappointment paid asos premier next day delivery didnt happen nightmare customer service issue still resolved
ASOS,Fast Fashion,I would give it no stars,"I would give it no stars. No customer care its non existent, all done with chat bots !!! Ordering from Asos for years, until now !!! Ordered a few items, one was for a birthday present for my daughter  I pay extra for next day delivery but they don’t arrive, with a message saying they are being sent back to ASOS  !! They have my money & clothes !!!  now have to wait over 2 weeks to get my refund,if I do ????  which I’m still waiting for. No human I can talk too, I will not be ordering from this company ever again. Which is such a shame as they use to be so reliable.",1,2026-06-13 06:55:42+00:00,Trustpilot,would give star customer care non existent done chat bot ordering asos year ordered item one birthday present daughter pay extra next day delivery dont arrive message saying sent back asos money clothes wait week get refundif im still waiting human talk ordering company ever shame use reliable
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,No morals,"Be very careful when you buy from Boohoo and you return an item. It automatically defaults to receive a “gift card” as a refund. It isn’t obvious that this has happened until after and then it is too late, as apparently you cannot change it. If that’s not bad enough if you do not spend the “gift card” within 3 months - the “gift card” gets cancelled and you lose the money. Why they call it a gift card is something I do not understand. It’s not a gift card - it’s my money! Disgusting service and a complete con. I have asked them why it does not default to the payment method you have paid with and they cannot answer. Well I can - it’s a way of you either spending money with them again or if you cannot find anything within the 3 months to buy - they keep the money! You should be ashamed Boohoo.",1,2026-06-12 23:40:42+00:00,Trustpilot,careful buy boohoo return item automatically default receive gift card refund isnt obvious happened late apparently change thats bad enough spend gift card within month gift card get cancelled lose money call gift card something understand gift card money disgusting service complete con asked default payment method paid answer well way either spending money find anything within month buy keep money ashamed boohoo
ASOS,Fast Fashion,I’ve had my account block dispute it…,I’ve had my account block dispute it being my card. I opened another one whilst notifying them using the same card which is registered to the delivery address to demonstrate that I am who I said I am. They’ve blocked the account. I’ve been shopping with them for years so I don’t understand why a customer that has been using them is being treated like this.,1,2026-06-12 23:30:28+00:00,Trustpilot,ive account block dispute card opened another one whilst notifying using card registered delivery address demonstrate said theyve blocked account ive shopping year dont understand customer using treated like
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Waste of time trying to return partner orders,"Waste of time trying to return a partner order, mis-information from customer service, no formal complaints policy. When requesting if my complaint could be logged more formally I was cut off by the rep named Makgobane",1,2026-06-12 23:23:52+00:00,Trustpilot,waste time trying return partner order misinformation customer service formal complaint policy requesting complaint could logged formally cut rep named makgobane
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,I love the T-shirts this company makes…,I love the T-shirts this company makes and their circular economy principles are the way forward - but they also have really lovely customer service. One of my orders went missing and they were very quick to send a replacement.,5,2026-06-12 22:35:20+00:00,Trustpilot,love tshirts company make circular economy principle way forward also really lovely customer service one order went missing quick send replacement
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Keeping sending wrong items,"Placed two orders with Boohoo for the first time and in both orders I received the wrong item. And now I'm  responsible for ensuring the return of the incorrect items. Also their sizing is all over the place. One outfit - pants were  ginormous, top just fits, dresses even though they are the same style. One fits, one is too big, one too small. Won't be using them again.",1,2026-06-12 19:09:53+00:00,Trustpilot,placed two order boohoo first time order received wrong item im responsible ensuring return incorrect item also sizing place one outfit pant ginormous top fit dress even though style one fit one big one small wont using
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Won't let you choose delivery,"The website wouldn't let me select any delivery method and just instantly charged their premium year membership. There's nobody to contact, no way of getting of refund or cancelling the order.",2,2026-06-12 18:36:15+00:00,Trustpilot,website wouldnt let select delivery method instantly charged premium year membership there nobody contact way getting refund cancelling order
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Absolutely shocking,"Absolutely shocking, DO NOT order from boohoo. Returned an item, have proof of this, AI Chatbot keeps asking me the same question, it’s basically theft at this point",1,2026-06-12 18:31:16+00:00,Trustpilot,absolutely shocking order boohoo returned item proof ai chatbot keep asking question basically theft point
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,'Ethical' fast fashion?,"Rapanui make attractive looking clothes, with a casual, surfy, nature-themed look. Unfortunately they refuse to publish slightly critical product reviews on their website, creating a false appearance of entirely happy customers. For instance my fair, truthful, 3* review of a jacket with a badly designed hood has not been published, and I'm unable to re-submit any review for this product as they tell me I've already submitted my review. It's apparently an ethical brand, and around 10 years ago when I was first started wearing their clothes, there was a big emphasis on their relationship with an Indian textile factory committed to fair labour practices.  However, more products are listed as being made in China (not known for particularly good labour laws & human rights) with no further explanation of their labour sourcing, leading me to assume their focus is more on the materials (i.e. organic cotton) and more environmentally friendly processes. Where Rapanui let down is on durability.  I have over time had to throw a lot of boxers away, & send a large number of t-shirts to be re-milled. Their circular fashion concept is their way of keeping the prices fairly low, & it looks appealing on paper that you'll get a coupon for returning, but it's only cost effective if you're already buying over £50 worth of goods, otherwise the £5 off voucher (you can only use one at a time)  is absorbed by the nearly-equivalent delivery fee. And often, I've had trouble with the codes, and it has taken a while for customer service to get back to me, but to be fair they have always resolved it. On balance I still like some of what they do, and buy the odd item, but less wedded to the brand these days. Because most of their t shirts are a lighter weight 155 g/m2 I've been looking for higher thread-count items but these are hard to come by. Even though I question how sustainable they are, there's not many or any competitors on the same level with a similar offering, so I intend to keep Rapanui on my radar for clothes shopping, for the meanwhile.",3,2026-06-12 17:18:52+00:00,Trustpilot,rapanui make attractive looking clothes casual surfy naturethemed look unfortunately refuse publish slightly critical product review website creating false appearance entirely happy customer instance fair truthful review jacket badly designed hood published im unable resubmit review product tell ive already submitted review apparently ethical brand around year ago first started wearing clothes big emphasis relationship indian textile factory committed fair labour practice however product listed made china known particularly good labour law human right explanation labour sourcing leading assume focus material ie organic cotton environmentally friendly process rapanui let durability time throw lot boxer away send large number tshirts remilled circular fashion concept way keeping price fairly low look appealing paper youll get coupon returning cost effective youre already buying worth good otherwise voucher use one time absorbed nearlyequivalent delivery fee often ive trouble code taken customer service get back fair always resolved balance still like buy odd item less wedded brand day shirt lighter weight gm ive looking higher threadcount item hard come even though question sustainable there many competitor level similar offering intend keep rapanui radar clothes shopping meanwhile
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Absolutely awful customer service,"Absolutely awful customer service. 2 out of 4 items were not as described, and when I emailed them, I got a reply about making a return (at my own expense!). I emailed again, and they replied with the same message! They kept asking the same questions and every reply took 1-3 days. After NINE DAYS they finally agreed that I can return one of the items for free, but said they ""unable to identify any fault with the item"", even though there was an obvious error with a seam/cut. They wanted me to return them separately and pay full return fee for the other one! Insane behaviour.",1,2026-06-12 16:28:54+00:00,Trustpilot,absolutely awful customer service item described emailed got reply making return expense emailed replied message kept asking question every reply took day nine day finally agreed return one item free said unable identify fault item even though obvious error seamcut wanted return separately pay full return fee one insane behaviour
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Terrible,Terrible.  All the glitter has fallen off (Sparkly Hooded Sweatshirt With Full Zip) in 3 wears.  I haven't even washed it yet.  missguided will not give refund even if I return the item! Totally ripped off. 😢,1,2026-06-12 15:49:35+00:00,Trustpilot,terrible glitter fallen sparkly hooded sweatshirt full zip wear havent even washed yet missguided give refund even return item totally ripped
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Bought nice bikini bottoms,"Bought nice bikini bottoms, really nice fit for mtf 👍",5,2026-06-12 15:27:28+00:00,Trustpilot,bought nice bikini bottom really nice fit mtf
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,"Poor quality, bad description and unreliable customer service. Unsolicited emails.","Aside from the ""Linen Look"" trousers that very much weren't Boohoo didn't make a refund until I chased them twice including sending proof of delivery and threatened them with raising a PayPal case. They also charged me £4.98 for the return despite advertising the cost as being £1.99. So for quality and customer service I have given them 1 star because you cannot choose zero! On top of that I unsubscribed from their marketing emails (that I never signed up for) three times on the website and they still kept sending them every day, sometimes twice a day. No apology by the way and no guarantee of being unsubscribed either. Finally they say refunds can take up to 21 days to appear... Recommend they are best avoided. You might also want to avoid the following who are in the same group Pretty Little Thing, BoohooMAN, Debenhams, Karen Millen, Nasty Gal, Oasis and Warehouse",1,2026-06-12 11:51:56+00:00,Trustpilot,aside linen look trouser much werent boohoo didnt make refund chased twice including sending proof delivery threatened raising paypal case also charged return despite advertising cost quality customer service given star choose zero top unsubscribed marketing email never signed three time website still kept sending every day sometimes twice day apology way guarantee unsubscribed either finally say refund take day appear recommend best avoided might also want avoid following group pretty little thing boohooman debenhams karen millen nasty gal oasis warehouse
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Missing items - won’t refund!,Ordered four dresses however only three arrived in poor condition (internal bags open and dresses screwed up inside with tags hanging off)  Contacted customer service to report the missing dress. They told me all dresses were packed and delivered as they had watched their internal CCTV and they were ‘confident’ in the delivery company. Complete fraud and now won’t refund the missing dress. Terrible service - avoid at all costs!,1,2026-06-12 08:37:20+00:00,Trustpilot,ordered four dress however three arrived poor condition internal bag open dress screwed inside tag hanging contacted customer service report missing dress told dress packed delivered watched internal cctv confident delivery company complete fraud wont refund missing dress terrible service avoid cost
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Beware- check your refunds have been processed correctly,"Beware: Incomplete refunds and poor customer service. I returned 7 wedding guest dresses in one package, but Boohoo only refunded me for 5. Trusting the process, I didn't check my bank statement immediately. I discovered the missing refund weeks later when tracking a different order. Customer service is now refusing to help because the return was over a month ago. Essentially, they have kept my items and my money. Double-check your return receipts! EDIT: I sent a complaint email to customerservices@ boohoo.com and they refunded me for the two items they initially failed to process. Would encourage you all to do the same if you've faced a similar issue",1,2026-06-11 22:48:40+00:00,Trustpilot,beware incomplete refund poor customer service returned wedding guest dress one package boohoo refunded trusting process didnt check bank statement immediately discovered missing refund week later tracking different order customer service refusing help return month ago essentially kept item money doublecheck return receipt edit sent complaint email customerservices boohoocom refunded two item initially failed process would encourage youve faced similar issue
ASOS,Fast Fashion,The next day delivery is not…,"The next day delivery is not consistent. Royal Mail cannot deliver anything same day when they receive it at 3am. People have holidays / job interviews and if it states next day delivery , that is what should happen",1,2026-06-11 21:35:24+00:00,Trustpilot,next day delivery consistent royal mail deliver anything day receive people holiday job interview state next day delivery happen
ASOS,Fast Fashion,"ASOS Ignored Evidence, Refused Assistance, and Left Me Without My £180 Refund","ASOS refused to take responsibility for a £180 return even after InPost confirmed a system issue I have been a regular ASOS customer, but the way ASOS handled my return issue has been completely unacceptable. I placed my ASOS return parcel into an InPost locker on 18 April 2026 at BEDWELL CRES, Stevenage, SG1 1NA. The parcel contained items worth approximately £180. After placing the parcel in the locker, I never received a collection confirmation or proper tracking update. I contacted InPost and was told that there was an issue with the locker/system. InPost also stated in writing that there were issues with my parcel entering their systems correctly and specifically told me to report the problem to ASOS so ASOS could raise it with InPost on my behalf and work together to resolve it. I provided this information to ASOS. I explained repeatedly that the parcel was physically stuck inside the locker, that the locker was not working, that I had no access to the parcel, and that InPost had directed me back to ASOS. I also provided the locker location, the date of drop-off, the return details, and a photo of the locker. Despite all of this, ASOS refused to take ownership of the issue. Their response was essentially that they could not “just take my word without proof” and that I needed InPost to confirm the drop-off. But I had already shown them InPost’s own message confirming there were system issues and asking ASOS to raise the matter with them. ASOS then told me that the issue was “not handled by ASOS” and that I needed to deal directly with the carrier. This is exactly the problem: InPost kept sending me back to ASOS, and ASOS kept sending me back to InPost. I was trapped between two companies, while my return parcel remained inaccessible and my £180 refund was withheld. This is not acceptable customer service. ASOS generated the return, ASOS instructed the return process, and InPost specifically told me ASOS needed to raise the issue with them. Instead of helping, ASOS dismissed the situation and left me to chase the carrier myself. I have been waiting since 18 April with no refund, no clear resolution, and no proper support. ASOS should not abandon customers when a return arranged through their process fails because of a locker/carrier system issue. Extremely disappointing, stressful, and irresponsible handling of a genuine return problem.",1,2026-06-11 20:09:18+00:00,Trustpilot,asos refused take responsibility return even inpost confirmed system issue regular asos customer way asos handled return issue completely unacceptable placed asos return parcel inpost locker april bedwell cres stevenage sg na parcel contained item worth approximately placing parcel locker never received collection confirmation proper tracking update contacted inpost told issue lockersystem inpost also stated writing issue parcel entering system correctly specifically told report problem asos asos could raise inpost behalf work together resolve provided information asos explained repeatedly parcel physically stuck inside locker locker working access parcel inpost directed back asos also provided locker location date dropoff return detail photo locker despite asos refused take ownership issue response essentially could take word without proof needed inpost confirm dropoff already shown inposts message confirming system issue asking asos raise matter asos told issue handled asos needed deal directly carrier exactly problem inpost kept sending back asos asos kept sending back inpost trapped two company return parcel remained inaccessible refund withheld acceptable customer service asos generated return asos instructed return process inpost specifically told asos needed raise issue instead helping asos dismissed situation left chase carrier waiting since april refund clear resolution proper support asos abandon customer return arranged process fails lockercarrier system issue extremely disappointing stressful irresponsible handling genuine return problem
ASOS,Fast Fashion,I am extremely disappointed with my…,"I am extremely disappointed with my recent experience with ASOS, which managed to go wrong at every stage of the process. For my birthday, I purchased a pair of shoes originally priced at £140. I used my birthday discount code, which reduced the price to £112, and then paid the full remaining balance using a gift card. The first issue occurred when the package arrived. The shoe box was in an incredibly poor condition, heavily damaged and worn. I immediately contacted customer service to report this. After trying on the shoes, I discovered that they were too small. I had ordered my usual size because ASOS listed the item as “true to size” and recommended ordering my regular size. Since the sizing advice was inaccurate, I requested an exchange for a UK 10.5. The exchange process appeared to be completed successfully, and ASOS even informed me that the replacement pair would be delivered on 13 June. I received the return confirmation email and promptly sent the shoes back using the provided return code. The returned shoes arrived at the warehouse yesterday, but I received no update regarding the exchange. This made me suspicious, so I contacted customer service on 11 June. To my surprise, I was told that ASOS’s system had failed to process my exchange request and that I would instead receive a refund back to my gift card. I explained that the exchange had failed due to an issue with THEIR system, not because of any action on my part, and that they should honour the exchange request. Unfortunately, no effort was made to resolve the problem. Since the exchange could not be completed, I at least requested that my birthday discount code be reinstated so I could reorder the shoes at the same price I originally paid. Without the code, I would have to pay the full £140. Customer service provided me with another code, but that code does not work on this item and cannot be used together with gift card payments. When I contacted them again, I was simply told that nothing more could be done. As a result, I am now being forced to pay £140 for a pair of shoes that I originally purchased for £112, entirely because of ASOS’s mistakes. This order has disappointed me three separate times: 1. The shoes arrived in a severely damaged box. 2. ASOS’s system failed to process my exchange request despite confirming it. 3. The replacement discount code provided by customer service does not work. The customer service was completely unhelpful throughout the entire process, and no reasonable solution was offered. I have been a customer for a long time, but this experience has completely destroyed my trust in ASOS.Terrible customer service, terrible systems, and an overall terrible customer experience. I will never shop with ASOS again.",1,2026-06-11 19:45:10+00:00,Trustpilot,extremely disappointed recent experience asos managed go wrong every stage process birthday purchased pair shoe originally priced used birthday discount code reduced price paid full remaining balance using gift card first issue occurred package arrived shoe box incredibly poor condition heavily damaged worn immediately contacted customer service report trying shoe discovered small ordered usual size asos listed item true size recommended ordering regular size since sizing advice inaccurate requested exchange uk exchange process appeared completed successfully asos even informed replacement pair would delivered june received return confirmation email promptly sent shoe back using provided return code returned shoe arrived warehouse yesterday received update regarding exchange made suspicious contacted customer service june surprise told asoss system failed process exchange request would instead receive refund back gift card explained exchange failed due issue system action part honour exchange request unfortunately effort made resolve problem since exchange could completed least requested birthday discount code reinstated could reorder shoe price originally paid without code would pay full customer service provided another code code work item used together gift card payment contacted simply told nothing could done result forced pay pair shoe originally purchased entirely asoss mistake order disappointed three separate time shoe arrived severely damaged box asoss system failed process exchange request despite confirming replacement discount code provided customer service work customer service completely unhelpful throughout entire process reasonable solution offered customer long time experience completely destroyed trust asosterrible customer service terrible system overall terrible customer experience never shop asos
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Packages are always late,Packages are always late. I pay for next day delivery and never get next day delivery. Now I am forced to pay for the return - I am returning a parcel that was late and I had to buy clothes I needed in a local shopping centre. And I still am asked to pay for the return... Poor customer service.,1,2026-06-11 17:08:15+00:00,Trustpilot,package always late pay next day delivery never get next day delivery forced pay return returning parcel late buy clothes needed local shopping centre still asked pay return poor customer service
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Large Order - Returns POOR,"Placed a large order with Boohoo. It is no way clear on their website that you have to return everything individually to the brand, processing lots of returns and portals, which is SO time consuming. Plus the junk mail you get from every brand they sell is crazy. Will never buy from them again",1,2026-06-11 16:02:26+00:00,Trustpilot,placed large order boohoo way clear website return everything individually brand processing lot return portal time consuming plus junk mail get every brand sell crazy never buy
Missguided,Fast Fashion,AVOID!!,AVOID!!! The material is cheap and nasty. They make you use one of their carriers (which cost a fortune )to return the rubbish they send out. Then despite having picture proof that the goods were back with them on the 18th May I have no refund and they are now ignoring all emails. Absolutely shocking company,1,2026-06-11 15:34:18+00:00,Trustpilot,avoid material cheap nasty make use one carrier cost fortune return rubbish send despite picture proof good back th may refund ignoring email absolutely shocking company
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Worst customer service with that chat…,"Worst customer service with that chat box and no other opportunity to contact them… Wasted HOURS without any result. What a waste of time and money. Not using ASOS anymore, there are so many better options out there….",1,2026-06-11 14:37:39+00:00,Trustpilot,worst customer service chat box opportunity contact wasted hour without result waste time money using asos anymore many better option
ASOS,Fast Fashion,I’ve been with asos for as long as I…,"I’ve been with asos for as long as I can remember and honestly recently they’ve shocked me with how they’ve managed issues I’ve recently had with their service. Missing items with no visual proof of those same items being delivered and claimed I was being dishonest while requesting for a refund for a couple items. I cannot prove what I don’t have therefore there’s no reason to go the extra mile to lie even following return I made with a load of items but the communication in a follow that I’ve been trying to enquire for about a week that has been difficult as the asos customer demanding and unhelpful. Honestly a way to describe their service is one, dismissive, rude and outright unprofessional in my honest opinion.",1,2026-06-11 13:50:47+00:00,Trustpilot,ive asos long remember honestly recently theyve shocked theyve managed issue ive recently service missing item visual proof item delivered claimed dishonest requesting refund couple item prove dont therefore there reason go extra mile lie even following return made load item communication follow ive trying enquire week difficult asos customer demanding unhelpful honestly way describe service one dismissive rude outright unprofessional honest opinion
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Just awful,Just awful. You spend hours on live chat they then say they will email you a resolution and never do. They are just liars. This is after many of their mistakes and taking my money.,1,2026-06-11 12:21:23+00:00,Trustpilot,awful spend hour live chat say email resolution never liar many mistake taking money
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Superb product at a very reasonable price,"Superb product at a very reasonable price and very efficient and helpful customer service. Cotton fabric is soft and heavy, the fit is generous and stylish. I had to request an exchange for a smaller size and this was dealt with promptly and efficiently. Very impressed!",5,2026-06-11 11:38:00+00:00,Trustpilot,superb product reasonable price efficient helpful customer service cotton fabric soft heavy fit generous stylish request exchange smaller size dealt promptly efficiently impressed
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Item missing from order which they are…,"Item missing from order which they are insisting I pay for, I reported it as missing as soon as I opened the package, the AI bot failed to resolve the issue 3 times, I repeatedly asked for a human to help with the issue, it has been over a month and no one has contacted me, I’m stuck in a cycle of reporting it with the AI bot and no one actually fixing the issue, they payment is due for a dress that never arrived, boohoo are stealing from me. Appalling.",1,2026-06-11 11:15:40+00:00,Trustpilot,item missing order insisting pay reported missing soon opened package ai bot failed resolve issue time repeatedly asked human help issue month one contacted im stuck cycle reporting ai bot one actually fixing issue payment due dress never arrived boohoo stealing appalling
ASOS,Fast Fashion,AWFUL AND INCOMPETENT - THEY HAVE FAILED TO DELIVER THE PARCEL ON MORE THAN ONE OCCASSION NOW,AWFUL AVOID LIKE THE PLAGUE,1,2026-06-11 11:15:39+00:00,Trustpilot,awful avoid like plague
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,I purchased several items from Boohoo…,I purchased several items from Boohoo but i decided to return a dress i had ordered using their paperless drop off service at my nearest Asda. The value of the dress was for £107.10 but for some reason they refunded me for another dress I had never returned that had a value of £13.40. Which i don't understand how you can confuse. I complained to their customer service but they told me they will not issue me a refund as lack of evidance!  even though i have all the evidence i need!!! I will never be using this awful company ever again! I will make sure no one else does!,1,2026-06-11 11:07:03+00:00,Trustpilot,purchased several item boohoo decided return dress ordered using paperless drop service nearest asda value dress reason refunded another dress never returned value dont understand confuse complained customer service told issue refund lack evidance even though evidence need never using awful company ever make sure one else
Missguided,Fast Fashion,If I could give 0 stars I would.,"If I could give 0 stars I would. Ordered some clothes for my holiday as I used to like missguided years ago, when they arrived the quality of the clothes were terrible and cheap. So I contacted them to return them which I had to do at my own cost, I sent them the proof of the postage and they’re now refusing to refund me. I’ve been back and forth with them for weeks and they won’t refund me. Wish ai had never ordered from them, will never ever order from them again and advise anyone DO NOT ORDER FROM THEM. I’m now out of pocket and I’m furious.",1,2026-06-11 10:31:33+00:00,Trustpilot,could give star would ordered clothes holiday used like missguided year ago arrived quality clothes terrible cheap contacted return cost sent proof postage theyre refusing refund ive back forth week wont refund wish ai never ordered never ever order advise anyone order im pocket im furious
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Delivery,Having an issue with a parcel going to wrong address. They sort this out fast and in the best way possible. Great job!,5,2026-06-11 10:25:22+00:00,Trustpilot,issue parcel going wrong address sort fast best way possible great job
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Misleading offers,"Sent me an email offering a discount. Tried using it within 24 hours but said it had expired. No expiry date on email. Customer Services, ifvyou can call them that, not interested. So beware misleading and unhelpful emails. Then cut me off chat. So i have no records",1,2026-06-11 09:27:10+00:00,Trustpilot,sent email offering discount tried using within hour said expired expiry date email customer service ifvyou call interested beware misleading unhelpful email cut chat record
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,"First time customer to this site, order issues","First time customer to this site. Bought a black jumpsuit, US size 12, received a 16. I contacted customer serivce to report the wrong size and asked for them not to charge me for the return since the error was on their end. They replied that since I ordered a 16, they would not be able to provide free shipping. I had to send them a screen shot of my receipt which clearly showed I ordered a 12, and then they agreed to comp the shipping. In the meantime, I placed a second order, again for a US size 12, and paid for Fedex 3-day shipping, as I originally ordered the jumpsuit to wear to a business conference. On the day I was supposed to receive the order, I checked the tracking, and the order was stuck in customs in Dallas. It remained stuck there for 5 days. Needless to say, I did not receive the order in time.  When the order finally arrived, it was the wrong size, AGAIN.  So now I am returning this item again. I have placed the order for a third and final time. It is a nice jumpsuit and exactly what I am looking for, so that is why I keep trying. I hope the 3rd time is the charm. What I think the issue is is that they have UK and US sizing, and someone at the warehouse keeps messing up or their labeling systems are not accurate.",2,2026-06-11 03:35:48+00:00,Trustpilot,first time customer site bought black jumpsuit u size received contacted customer serivce report wrong size asked charge return since error end replied since ordered would able provide free shipping send screen shot receipt clearly showed ordered agreed comp shipping meantime placed second order u size paid fedex day shipping originally ordered jumpsuit wear business conference day supposed receive order checked tracking order stuck custom dallas remained stuck day needless say receive order time order finally arrived wrong size returning item placed order third final time nice jumpsuit exactly looking keep trying hope rd time charm think issue uk u sizing someone warehouse keep messing labeling system accurate
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,I placed an order on 15th May 2026 and…,I placed an order on 15th May 2026 and it is now 11th June 2026. I have not received my items. I have tried getting in contact on multiple platforms - SMS messenger and email. Via email I have been asked to lodge a return - I have nothing to return I want a refund! I am only getting bot general responses getting me nowhere and no actual resolution. I just want a full refund including shipping and to speak to an actual person. Terrible service.,1,2026-06-11 02:50:40+00:00,Trustpilot,placed order th may th june received item tried getting contact multiple platform sm messenger email via email asked lodge return nothing return want refund getting bot general response getting nowhere actual resolution want full refund including shipping speak actual person terrible service
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Absolute scammers.,Absolute scammers.. payed for next day delivery and it never arrives next day.. ordered a few items for my holiday and still didnt arrive they take your money and thats it.. no customer service or direct line to speak to anyone.. crap.. useless..theives!!!,1,2026-06-10 23:54:44+00:00,Trustpilot,absolute scammer payed next day delivery never arrives next day ordered item holiday still didnt arrive take money thats customer service direct line speak anyone crap uselesstheives
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Good quality clothes,"Good quality clothes, bought some dungarees which turned out to be too big and super easy to exchange it for another size - thank you!",5,2026-06-10 23:38:34+00:00,Trustpilot,good quality clothes bought dungaree turned big super easy exchange another size thank
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Zero stars if I could,"Zero stars if I could! This charging you £3.95 to send the parcel, then another £3.95 deducted from your refund is an absolute con. Especially when one of the items measured 3 sizes smaller than it should have. So not my fault. But speaking on a chat to an agent gets you nowhere, as they just don't get the point. I used to love ordering from here, but lately it's one big stress, because you get punished for returning things. Sort your sizing out then! Simple 🤷",1,2026-06-10 21:40:12+00:00,Trustpilot,zero star could charging send parcel another deducted refund absolute con especially one item measured size smaller fault speaking chat agent get nowhere dont get point used love ordering lately one big stress get punished returning thing sort sizing simple
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Return system is awful and should be…,Return system is awful and should be reported to retail authorities board.. do not buy from misguided you will not get your money back,1,2026-06-10 21:09:18+00:00,Trustpilot,return system awful reported retail authority board buy misguided get money back
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Amazing support,"To start with, the clothes are amazing! I love the designs, vibrant colours and the nice fabrics. Unfortunately most of the clothes were too big for me so I have to return most of them but I got wonderful support about sending them back, discountcodes and help with finding the correct measurements. So I am very happy about that and hopefully will frolick in my new outfits soon!",5,2026-06-10 20:22:35+00:00,Trustpilot,start clothes amazing love design vibrant colour nice fabric unfortunately clothes big return got wonderful support sending back discountcodes help finding correct measurement happy hopefully frolick new outfit soon
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Placed an order and checked the…,Placed an order and checked the tracking and tracking stated that it was returned to ASOS due to not paying duties. I have never received any notification that duties were owed. Reached out to customer service and was told that I will have to wait 21 business days for a refund due to having to wait for my package to arrive back at ASOS. Carrier service - 0 stars Customer service 1 star Would not recommend ordering from here.,1,2026-06-10 19:47:47+00:00,Trustpilot,placed order checked tracking tracking stated returned asos due paying duty never received notification duty owed reached customer service told wait business day refund due wait package arrive back asos carrier service star customer service star would recommend ordering
Missguided,Fast Fashion,MISSGUIDED now owned by SHEIN,"Purchased 2 tops from MISSGUIDED. Paid for expedited delivery, it still arrived late. Then discovered this was because the parcel was coming from China. Only because I tracked it. This was not clear when ordering. Thought that very odd. Googled it. Apparently MISSGUIDED is now owned by SHEIN. The tops were of extremely poor quality. Shock. Requested to send them back. Made to pay for return postage. This was way back ant the start of April. No refund received and customer services completely ignoring my emails.",1,2026-06-10 19:03:00+00:00,Trustpilot,purchased top missguided paid expedited delivery still arrived late discovered parcel coming china tracked clear ordering thought odd googled apparently missguided owned shein top extremely poor quality shock requested send back made pay return postage way back ant start april refund received customer service completely ignoring email
ASOS,Fast Fashion,"YOU WILL BE CHASING YOUR REFUND, Think before buying from this company",On a the 1st May I made an order that I returned for exchange as it was to big. After waiting two weeks I had received nothing so reached out to the company enquiring why I had not received my exchange or a refund? from thereon in over the following weeks they have continued to fob me off with (“we will send you a refund” “we have informed the Managers who will be in touch” “we have escalated the problem” when I ask them for a timeline they state they don’t have one. I’am now into the sixth week and I’am having to chase them every 4/5 days. They obviously have the idea of ignoring the customer until you either give up or forget. The fact that they continue to send me emails on different offers is such an insult. If I could have given 0 stars believe me I would have.,1,2026-06-10 18:20:41+00:00,Trustpilot,st may made order returned exchange big waiting two week received nothing reached company enquiring received exchange refund thereon following week continued fob send refund informed manager touch escalated problem ask timeline state dont one iam sixth week iam chase every day obviously idea ignoring customer either give forget fact continue send email different offer insult could given star believe would
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,DATA BREACH,DATA BREACH - BOOHOO sent me a coat with another customers bag in the pocket must have been from a previous order so I can see the previous customers name and address this is a security breach and they are not replying to assisting to my emails I don't think they understand the Importance,1,2026-06-10 17:58:30+00:00,Trustpilot,data breach boohoo sent coat another customer bag pocket must previous order see previous customer name address security breach replying assisting email dont think understand importance
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Dress very poor quality and customer…,Dress very poor quality and customer service only through a chat bot,1,2026-06-10 17:50:41+00:00,Trustpilot,dress poor quality customer service chat bot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,AVOID AVOID AVOID,"AVOID AVOID AVOID Really wish I had read the reviews on here before purchasing items from this website. The reviews that they allow to be posted on the website show NO reflection of what this company is like, I wouldn't be surprised if they were fake tbh. I ordered £80 worth of stuff for a hen do and not one item arrived looking like it did on the website. Returns are such a faff I have never experienced anything like it. I was told my order wasn't recognised when requesting a refund on the portal so had to email them. They were quick getting back to me & said I had to create the label myself & cover the cost of the refund which in the end cost me £6!! I did finally get a refund but I think this may have only been because I paid with a credit card as im aware other people from these reviews haven't had a refund at all. Will NEVER use again",1,2026-06-10 17:39:21+00:00,Trustpilot,avoid avoid avoid really wish read review purchasing item website review allow posted website show reflection company like wouldnt surprised fake tbh ordered worth stuff hen one item arrived looking like website return faff never experienced anything like told order wasnt recognised requesting refund portal email quick getting back said create label cover cost refund end cost finally get refund think may paid credit card im aware people review havent refund never use
ASOS,Fast Fashion,"Years of Loyalty, Deeply Disappointing Experience","I have been an ASOS customer for years, but my  experience has been increasingly disappointing in the past few months. ASOS recently informed customers in Ireland that Next Day Delivery is no longer available and that customers wishing to receive a refund for their Premier Delivery subscription must contact customer service. However, the email provided no contact details despite requiring customers to get in touch. ASOS no longer provides a customer service email address or phone number, leaving Live Chat as the only way to contact them. I spent over an hour on chat trying to discuss a refund for a service that ASOS has acknowledged it can no longer provide. I was told I would receive an email confirmation regarding my refund request, but no email was ever received. I was also unable to obtain any timeframe for a response to my complaint. To make matters worse, I had previously reported issues with the Next Day Delivery service and was told nothing could be done. It now appears those issues were part of a wider problem affecting customers in Ireland. The website experience has also deteriorated significantly. Items frequently appear to be available, only to disappear and show as unavailable when selected. My biggest disappointment is not the removal of Next Day Delivery itself, but the way ASOS has handled communication, refunds and customer support. Customers should not have to spend hours chasing refunds for services that are no longer being provided.",1,2026-06-10 17:13:33+00:00,Trustpilot,asos customer year experience increasingly disappointing past month asos recently informed customer ireland next day delivery longer available customer wishing receive refund premier delivery subscription must contact customer service however email provided contact detail despite requiring customer get touch asos longer provides customer service email address phone number leaving live chat way contact spent hour chat trying discus refund service asos acknowledged longer provide told would receive email confirmation regarding refund request email ever received also unable obtain timeframe response complaint make matter worse previously reported issue next day delivery service told nothing could done appears issue part wider problem affecting customer ireland website experience also deteriorated significantly item frequently appear available disappear show unavailable selected biggest disappointment removal next day delivery way asos handled communication refund customer support customer spend hour chasing refund service longer provided
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Dealing with ASOS customer service is…,"Dealing with ASOS customer service is excruciating. I asked for a refund on ASOS Premier, as it isn't explained that it doesn't cover brand partners during the sign-up process. I didn't use the service and asked for a refund within 30 minutes under the cooling off terms in the Consumer Rights Act. They initially refused. I asked to log a complaint and they continued to stall until eventually agreeing to the refund. They promised I'd receive an email confirmation shortly afterward but heard nothing since.",1,2026-06-10 15:19:03+00:00,Trustpilot,dealing asos customer service excruciating asked refund asos premier isnt explained doesnt cover brand partner signup process didnt use service asked refund within minute cooling term consumer right act initially refused asked log complaint continued stall eventually agreeing refund promised id receive email confirmation shortly afterward heard nothing since
ASOS,Fast Fashion,The worst customer service I have ever…,"The worst customer service I have ever received when trying to make a return. I tried to make a return for several items, the system would not let me - first it said it worked then I never received a QR code, then I tried again and it said there were too many items, then I tried again and it only gave me the option for the return to be collected rather than dropped off. I tried to speak to the customer service online chat. The AI assistant asked me 5 times whether I wanted to speak to an agent, which I replied yes every time. Once I was finally through to an agent named Eric Disilva, this person was incredibly unhelpful and slow. He did not listen to the issue and just went ahead and created three InPost returns and said it was important that specific items went with specific returns. It took him over an hour to do this. I did not have any clarity over which items were meant to go with which return. I asked him for a confirmation email of the items that he had selected to be returned and his response was I'll get an automatic email sent at some point, but do not wait for this and just send the parcels off. He then ended the chat without anything being resolved. I will never use asos again. I will never recommend it to anyone. I understand they are trying to reduce the amount that people are returning, but they have now made it impossible to return and have the worst customer service.",1,2026-06-10 14:51:02+00:00,Trustpilot,worst customer service ever received trying make return tried make return several item system would let first said worked never received qr code tried said many item tried gave option return collected rather dropped tried speak customer service online chat ai assistant asked time whether wanted speak agent replied yes every time finally agent named eric disilva person incredibly unhelpful slow listen issue went ahead created three inpost return said important specific item went specific return took hour clarity item meant go return asked confirmation email item selected returned response ill get automatic email sent point wait send parcel ended chat without anything resolved never use asos never recommend anyone understand trying reduce amount people returning made impossible return worst customer service
ASOS,Fast Fashion,I think even 1 star is too generous…,"I think even 1 star is too generous for the absolute joke that ASOS has become. I’ve been shopping on there for years now and never had any problems, but clearly they’re so financially screwed right now that they’ve just taken to scamming money from their customers. Ordered a Playsuit from them at the end of May, however when I tried it on the straps were way too short and not adjustable. I couldn’t even get it up. Don’t even get me started on the fact that they lie about their models heights making it extremely difficult to judge if things will fit. Either way I placed a return for this item only to receive an email stating that my return had been rejected. The reasons they stated were that the item was returned in a used and unsuitable condition which is absolutely ridiculous considering it was out of the bag less than 5 minutes. Just to be clear, the label was not removed and it was sent back in the exact bag it was sent in. Crazy, because if they deem the item used and unsuitable, that means it was sent out to me that way and they clearly don’t care about quality checks on clothing. Personally I think the item was in pristine condition and they’re just trying to money grab where they can at this point. I also want to clear up that I’m not a serial returner, I don’t ever order multiple sizes or even place huge orders in general. In fact my return rate is at 25% and I don’t often have issues. What’s really got to me about this whole situation is the lack of customer service or care. I managed to get in touch with a customer service agent on Sunday morning, who was the most unhelpful, unsympathetic person I’ve ever dealt with. He claimed he was escalating the situation and that I’d hear back about the outcome in no less than 24 hours and I’m yet to hear back. I’ve now been sat in the chat again since yesterday morning, going round in circles with an AI bot, waiting to be connected to an agent. Clearly shopping here isn’t worth the hassle anymore and I’ll be deleting my account with them.",1,2026-06-10 14:16:37+00:00,Trustpilot,think even star generous absolute joke asos become ive shopping year never problem clearly theyre financially screwed right theyve taken scamming money customer ordered playsuit end may however tried strap way short adjustable couldnt even get dont even get started fact lie model height making extremely difficult judge thing fit either way placed return item receive email stating return rejected reason stated item returned used unsuitable condition absolutely ridiculous considering bag less minute clear label removed sent back exact bag sent crazy deem item used unsuitable mean sent way clearly dont care quality check clothing personally think item pristine condition theyre trying money grab point also want clear im serial returner dont ever order multiple size even place huge order general fact return rate dont often issue whats really got whole situation lack customer service care managed get touch customer service agent sunday morning unhelpful unsympathetic person ive ever dealt claimed escalating situation id hear back outcome less hour im yet hear back ive sat chat since yesterday morning going round circle ai bot waiting connected agent clearly shopping isnt worth hassle anymore ill deleting account
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Exchange process,"Recently had to return an item as too small, decided to exchange for a different item. The exchange process was really easy and I recieved my new item a few days later. Very speedy service",5,2026-06-10 13:13:11+00:00,Trustpilot,recently return item small decided exchange different item exchange process really easy recieved new item day later speedy service
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Truly terrible company,Truly terrible company. Paid for a year of next day delivery. How long did my delivery take? 5 DAYS Also the nerve to then reject a return that was one day late!!! Will never shop again. The amount of notifications from the app is so annoying I have deleted forever and will truly never use ASOS again.,1,2026-06-10 12:59:24+00:00,Trustpilot,truly terrible company paid year next day delivery long delivery take day also nerve reject return one day late never shop amount notification app annoying deleted forever truly never use asos
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,got conned into paying a extra £2.99 at…,got conned into paying a extra £2.99 at checkout on top.of the delivery charge as boo hoo  say you have to opt out of damage/lost or stolen so beware delivery will cost you double and they wont rermburse it if items lost/damaged or stolen its down to them anyway CON CON CON BEWARE THE EXTRA £2.99 U HAVE RO OPT OUT BUT YOU GET CAUGHT AS YOU DONT EVEN SEE IT,1,2026-06-10 12:32:09+00:00,Trustpilot,got conned paying extra checkout topof delivery charge boo hoo say opt damagelost stolen beware delivery cost double wont rermburse item lostdamaged stolen anyway con con con beware extra u ro opt get caught dont even see
ASOS,Fast Fashion,I've been really disappointed with ASOS…,"I've been really disappointed with ASOS lately. Customer service is lacking and getting help when there’s an issue can be frustrating and time-consuming. The quality and overall product range seem to have gone downhill significantly compared to previous years. It’s become much harder to find anything decent, and many items feel overpriced for what you actually receive. The website still offers a large selection, but sorting through it to find good-quality pieces is increasingly difficult. What used to be a go-to retailer now feels inconsistent and unreliable. When problems arise, customer support often falls short of expectations, making the experience even more disappointing. Overall, ASOS is not the retailer it once was. Between the decline in product quality and the poor customer service, I find it hard to recommend shopping there these days.",2,2026-06-10 11:39:29+00:00,Trustpilot,ive really disappointed asos lately customer service lacking getting help there issue frustrating timeconsuming quality overall product range seem gone downhill significantly compared previous year become much harder find anything decent many item feel overpriced actually receive website still offer large selection sorting find goodquality piece increasingly difficult used goto retailer feel inconsistent unreliable problem arise customer support often fall short expectation making experience even disappointing overall asos retailer decline product quality poor customer service find hard recommend shopping day
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Poor quality and customer service,"I have been a customer of Rapanui for several years but unfortunately I will not be purchasing from them again. I purchased several pairs of men's boxers which all came unstitched on the same seam. The items were not good quality and they did not last as long as other organic boxers I have purchased previously and, as an eco-conscious  customer, I am mindful that the durability of an item forms a considerable part of its overall sustainability. Customer services refunded me for one pair of the boxers but this does not address my concerns about the quality of the product. I was also disappointed with the customer service I received. There is no direct contact number and, after submitting an enquiry, I was emailed with a ticket number and had to wait several days for a response. On replying to the response given, I was then issued a new ticket number rather than being able to reply to the customer service advisor I had been dealing with and I have not received any further communication. My overall experience was very disappointing.",2,2026-06-10 10:09:47+00:00,Trustpilot,customer rapanui several year unfortunately purchasing purchased several pair men boxer came unstitched seam item good quality last long organic boxer purchased previously ecoconscious customer mindful durability item form considerable part overall sustainability customer service refunded one pair boxer address concern quality product also disappointed customer service received direct contact number submitting enquiry emailed ticket number wait several day response replying response given issued new ticket number rather able reply customer service advisor dealing received communication overall experience disappointing
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Never would I thought that returning…,Never would I thought that returning clothes would be so difficult. Never known a clothing company want pictures of proof of postage and don’t provide return labels. Still haven’t received my refund still can’t get through to the right team about my returns. What a shambles. When replying to the emails just don’t get response. Do not use this business. Quick to take you’re money,1,2026-06-10 08:48:09+00:00,Trustpilot,never would thought returning clothes would difficult never known clothing company want picture proof postage dont provide return label still havent received refund still cant get right team return shamble replying email dont get response use business quick take youre money
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Very fast response and very helpful…,Very fast response and very helpful after my enquiry.,5,2026-06-10 08:21:00+00:00,Trustpilot,fast response helpful enquiry
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,"Returns a faff, but customer service good.","Items arrived fairly promptly. Was happy with one, but the other was not what I was expecting from the picture, so returned. Bit of a faff as I don't have an account and ordered as a guest. However, once I figured it out it was ok. Waited a week for them to say that they had got it and to let me know, eventually contacted customer services. Finn, bless him, replied promptly to say that it had been received and was in the process of being refunded. Full marks for customer service, less so for complicated returns procedure. And why no phone number? Would have been much easier with one.",3,2026-06-10 07:19:06+00:00,Trustpilot,item arrived fairly promptly happy one expecting picture returned bit faff dont account ordered guest however figured ok waited week say got let know eventually contacted customer service finn bless replied promptly say received process refunded full mark customer service less complicated return procedure phone number would much easier one
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Kai was such a great help when I…,Good customer service. Kai was such a great help when I contacted boohoo on instagram for help and came across very nice!,5,2026-06-10 00:40:29+00:00,Trustpilot,good customer service kai great help contacted boohoo instagram help came across nice
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Poor excuse for an Ecomm business,"Poor quality items Returns process doesn't appear to work Asking to select a specific carrier, diverts to their website , evri, then doesnt recognise miss guided as a business. Contact support at missguided asked to up load proof of sending the return back via a contact form on their website but it has no option to upload. Lots of consistent reviews on here the same as mine.  Garbage scam business . Terrible . Save yourself the time and use AX Paris...",1,2026-06-09 22:11:00+00:00,Trustpilot,poor quality item return process doesnt appear work asking select specific carrier diverts website evri doesnt recognise miss guided business contact support missguided asked load proof sending return back via contact form website option upload lot consistent review mine garbage scam business terrible save time use ax paris
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,I liked how quick the items arrived.,I liked how quick the items arrived. Unfortunately because the shoes didn’t fit I had to return. It’s taken me 2/3 hrs to get to the return being actioned by Kai. After she looked into the request I had sent. The return portal wasn’t working it needs replacement ideas? Thank you to Kai for giving me good customer service. Just awaiting monies returned ( obviously when I’ve actually returned them .,3,2026-06-09 21:39:05+00:00,Trustpilot,liked quick item arrived unfortunately shoe didnt fit return taken hr get return actioned kai looked request sent return portal wasnt working need replacement idea thank kai giving good customer service awaiting monies returned obviously ive actually returned
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,A query about V-necked t-shirts,"A query about V-necked t-shirts was dealt with quickly.  They do have them but seem a bit lost on the website.  Not immediately obvious, though now I know where to search. Maybe they could have a place on the main menu for themselves?  I've bought numerous items for myself and friends since Rapanui started and never had a faulty or unexpected size from them.  Really great quality products and designs.",5,2026-06-09 21:11:19+00:00,Trustpilot,query vnecked tshirts dealt quickly seem bit lost website immediately obvious though know search maybe could place main menu ive bought numerous item friend since rapanui started never faulty unexpected size really great quality product design
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,If I could leave a zero star I would…,If I could leave a zero star I would there customer service is shit! First off I paid for next day delivery which they failed to do took 48hrs for me to even get a response from an actual agent… THEN when I finally got the order it was the wrong item!!!!!! Now taken over 48hrs for an agent to respond which I am still waiting to hear from. Don’t waste your time !!!!,1,2026-06-09 19:09:58+00:00,Trustpilot,could leave zero star would customer service shit first paid next day delivery failed took hr even get response actual agent finally got order wrong item taken hr agent respond still waiting hear dont waste time
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,I bought a faux leather coat,I bought a faux leather coat. When the item arrived I was happy with the style and quality. Part of the design feature of the coat was the leather straps around the wrist part. One of them was missing. After days emailing over and back they decided they would refund me 50% of the cost. I didn't request any refund I wanted the strap but they said they wouldn't send me the strap and basically just accept the partial refund or send it back for a full refund. The coat is really no good to me without the design feature which caused me to choose it in the first place. Very disappointing,2,2026-06-09 18:58:27+00:00,Trustpilot,bought faux leather coat item arrived happy style quality part design feature coat leather strap around wrist part one missing day emailing back decided would refund cost didnt request refund wanted strap said wouldnt send strap basically accept partial refund send back full refund coat really good without design feature caused choose first place disappointing
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,(surfing towels) lovely,"(surfing towels) lovely, thick quality and generous size. colours are gorgeous. Not cheap - quality justifies this Customer service really quick and helpful",5,2026-06-09 16:27:01+00:00,Trustpilot,surfing towel lovely thick quality generous size colour gorgeous cheap quality justifies customer service really quick helpful
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Horrible...,"Horrible customer service.... no better way to put it, simply Horrible",1,2026-06-09 15:50:05+00:00,Trustpilot,horrible customer service better way put simply horrible
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Extremely disappointing experience.,"Extremely disappointing experience. I placed an order that was supposed to arrive before an upcoming trip. After the delivery date passed, I was told it would arrive a few days later. Then I was told it never even left the warehouse. I requested a replacement, but ASOS took so long to process it that the items went out of stock and my order was ultimately canceled and refunded. At the same time, my second order was also delayed and won’t arrive before my trip either. The worst part was customer support. After multiple chats and repeated requests for a supervisor, I spent hours getting the same scripted responses over and over. The agent didn’t seem to understand the issue and kept claiming a replacement was being processed when the order had already been canceled. I’ve been a loyal customer for over 10 years, but this experience showed a complete lack of urgency, accountability, and customer care.",1,2026-06-09 15:29:33+00:00,Trustpilot,extremely disappointing experience placed order supposed arrive upcoming trip delivery date passed told would arrive day later told never even left warehouse requested replacement asos took long process item went stock order ultimately canceled refunded time second order also delayed wont arrive trip either worst part customer support multiple chat repeated request supervisor spent hour getting scripted response agent didnt seem understand issue kept claiming replacement processed order already canceled ive loyal customer year experience showed complete lack urgency accountability customer care
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Pathetic packaging items arrived damaged,I ordered three body moisturisers from boo-hoo they arrived completely smashed which is not a surprise because if you put three large plastic items literally just in a plastic bag and expect it to get through the post it’s not going to arrive in perfect condition. I am so upset I paid over £82 for these products and they are fit for the bin now if I do not get a full refund or exchange I will take matter as much further. I do not recommend this company. They do not have a telephone number to call them and I cannot see anywhere where I can contact them. It’s beyond PATHETIC!!!,1,2026-06-09 15:24:29+00:00,Trustpilot,ordered three body moisturisers boohoo arrived completely smashed surprise put three large plastic item literally plastic bag expect get post going arrive perfect condition upset paid product fit bin get full refund exchange take matter much recommend company telephone number call see anywhere contact beyond pathetic
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Order three tops all three were cr*p,Order three tops all three were cr*p. Cheap material and just ugly. $15 for postage for them to send then another $15 if you want to return. Don’t waste your money.,1,2026-06-09 11:09:29+00:00,Trustpilot,order three top three crp cheap material ugly postage send another want return dont waste money
ASOS,Fast Fashion,My order didn't arrive - no replacement,"My order didn't arrive. Customer services said they'd resent it, it still didn't arrive. Unsatisfactory replies from very slow customer services. 3.5 weeks onwards & I still don't have the item or a sensible answer.",1,2026-06-09 10:03:49+00:00,Trustpilot,order didnt arrive customer service said theyd resent still didnt arrive unsatisfactory reply slow customer service week onwards still dont item sensible answer
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Unwanted notifications,"Why do you keep sending me notifications that I have neither requested nor signed up for? In my settings, I have only allowed notifications regarding items being in stock. Yet you keep spamming me with ads.",1,2026-06-09 09:33:39+00:00,Trustpilot,keep sending notification neither requested signed setting allowed notification regarding item stock yet keep spamming ad
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Fast delivery & easy returns process,Fast delivery & easy returns process : ),5,2026-06-08 21:31:46+00:00,Trustpilot,fast delivery easy return process
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Item not sent from misguided,"Item not sent from misguided, it was sent from some random warehouse in china, item stitching broken and it’s asking me to pay for a return? Absolutely disgusting. Nobody will get back to me or help me. Totally unacceptable behaviour.",1,2026-06-08 21:15:33+00:00,Trustpilot,item sent misguided sent random warehouse china item stitching broken asking pay return absolutely disgusting nobody get back help totally unacceptable behaviour
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Damaged Shoes Received,"Ordered a pair of shoes for a special occasion. Shoes had come apart on the cushioned sole, on both shoes. They were obviously dispatched like this, where is the quality control?. I have sent back for a full refund. But I wanted to speak with customer service because I was so disappointed. They did not offer a discount or any compensation. I would not use again. Very poor.",1,2026-06-08 19:49:58+00:00,Trustpilot,ordered pair shoe special occasion shoe come apart cushioned sole shoe obviously dispatched like quality control sent back full refund wanted speak customer service disappointed offer discount compensation would use poor
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Absolutely terrible customer service,"Absolutely terrible customer service, taken money from me, order wasnt placed, getting no where with AI ! As dont have an order number - cannot make contact with anyone to speak to them - just keep getting generic email reply. Terrible, certainly will not be ordering from them again!",1,2026-06-08 19:21:02+00:00,Trustpilot,absolutely terrible customer service taken money order wasnt placed getting ai dont order number make contact anyone speak keep getting generic email reply terrible certainly ordering
ASOS,Fast Fashion,"No Customer Service, having only ai chatbots isn't good enough","I wish they would have an actual costumer service. They only have an ai chatbot. No real people, no email for customer support. I know it's my fault that i didn't create my return by the given 28 days time window but i know that some stores will print a new qr code if you are unhappy with the order and missed the time mark by a few days. Some of the clothes didn't fit at all. Either too big or too small and i ordered what they suggested to me according to the sizing and my measurements and wants. Sad that they have no costumer service. It's really annoying that i don't get to return the stuff now. Perfectly unharmed, with label on, only missed a few days and generated the code on the last day but it got deactivated very soon after.",2,2026-06-08 16:51:09+00:00,Trustpilot,wish would actual costumer service ai chatbot real people email customer support know fault didnt create return given day time window know store print new qr code unhappy order missed time mark day clothes didnt fit either big small ordered suggested according sizing measurement want sad costumer service really annoying dont get return stuff perfectly unharmed label missed day generated code last day got deactivated soon
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Poor customer service,Poor customer service. I had to wait weeks for a refund and then they say they are going to deduct a £1.99 return fee. What a joke!! Won't be buying anything from them again!!,1,2026-06-08 16:33:54+00:00,Trustpilot,poor customer service wait week refund say going deduct return fee joke wont buying anything
ASOS,Fast Fashion,I had ordered one pair of shoes that…,I had ordered one pair of shoes that were originally at another site and even though it took my money and said that my order is on the way after a day it cancelled it and sent the money back.When I went to re buy the pair it was sold out.Not a nice experience.,1,2026-06-08 12:20:15+00:00,Trustpilot,ordered one pair shoe originally another site even though took money said order way day cancelled sent money backwhen went buy pair sold outnot nice experience
ASOS,Fast Fashion,cant even refund properly,"I ordered 4 items, but I only received 2, so I contacted them about a replacement, and they sent me the 2 missing items. I then decided to return one of the items, and instead of being refunded for the item I returned, worth £37.99, I got refunded for another item in the order worth £6.99. Messing up the two biggest things in an order is ridiculous, never buying from ASOS again.",1,2026-06-08 11:11:26+00:00,Trustpilot,ordered item received contacted replacement sent missing item decided return one item instead refunded item returned worth got refunded another item order worth messing two biggest thing order ridiculous never buying asos
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Awful customer service,"Awful customer service! I won’t use this company for myself again. I ordered a selection of dresses for a wedding, one was delivered damaged. The ‘contact’ option is by a text message which takes hours to get a reply and then you often get swapped to another operator who knows nothing about the situation so you have to explain again. They tried to charge me delivery for a replacement of the damaged dress then kept my money which I was due for my returned items for over a month even though I had the tracking receipt from Royal Mail to confirm they’d had them back. I then logged a complaint on 2 separate occasions regarding the service and am still waiting for a reply. This was on 16th May!!!!!!!! Unacceptable……",1,2026-06-08 09:53:05+00:00,Trustpilot,awful customer service wont use company ordered selection dress wedding one delivered damaged contact option text message take hour get reply often get swapped another operator know nothing situation explain tried charge delivery replacement damaged dress kept money due returned item month even though tracking receipt royal mail confirm theyd back logged complaint separate occasion regarding service still waiting reply th may unacceptable
ASOS,Fast Fashion,ASOS isnt what it used to be,"What has happened to ASOS?  I pay for PREMIER which supposedly gives me free next day delivery on orders over £15.  Most recent order was over £15 - and has taken over 4 days to arrive.  (I wont even bother contacting Customer Service as its not worth the stress - they are as bad as Virgin Media).  They have also introduced a ""Fair Use Policy"" so if I return any items they will be calculated across the year and if my return rate is 70% or higher across 3 or more orders, I wont be able to renew ASOS Premier! ASOS used to be my go to place for clothes, shoes etc - but I'm starting to look at other retailers now.  Its not worth the hassle.",1,2026-06-08 09:48:07+00:00,Trustpilot,happened asos pay premier supposedly give free next day delivery order recent order taken day arrive wont even bother contacting customer service worth stress bad virgin medium also introduced fair use policy return item calculated across year return rate higher across order wont able renew asos premier asos used go place clothes shoe etc im starting look retailer worth hassle
ASOS,Fast Fashion,ASOS penalise you for returning items,ASOS penalise you for returning items. I have used them a lot in the past but will not be ordering from them again for this reason.,1,2026-06-07 18:29:21+00:00,Trustpilot,asos penalise returning item used lot past ordering reason
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Awful sizing and awful-quality clothes,"Awful sizing and awful-quality clothes. I don’t normally shop with ASOS for this very reason, but I wanted a simple vest. Surely they couldn’t mess that up—yet they did. Honestly, it’s no different from Shein. Aside from name brands asos have, there’s very No difference between asos and shein. Useless company",1,2026-06-07 16:10:33+00:00,Trustpilot,awful sizing awfulquality clothes dont normally shop asos reason wanted simple vest surely couldnt mess upyet honestly different shein aside name brand asos there difference asos shein useless company
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Money taken from my sons account,"Money taken from my sons account - no order number, no records in recent orders, Ai customer support. Still trying to get refund and getting no where.",1,2026-06-06 23:17:55+00:00,Trustpilot,money taken son account order number record recent order ai customer support still trying get refund getting
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Asos doesn’t even worth the one star,"Asos doesn’t even worth the one star, they became a scam and un trusted website. Save your money & don’t order from them. i placed my order on 3rd of May I received an email stated that I will have my order my 2nd of June (a month to get my order) on 18th of May it showed that I didn’t pay the duty to the carrier (which carrier if i didn’t receive my order yet) so i contacted asos with virtual assistance that stated i have to wait until 2nd of June to be connected to an agent … now i contacted them again the agent said i didn’t pay the duty & i have to wait another month",1,2026-06-06 20:11:54+00:00,Trustpilot,asos doesnt even worth one star became scam un trusted website save money dont order placed order rd may received email stated order nd june month get order th may showed didnt pay duty carrier carrier didnt receive order yet contacted asos virtual assistance stated wait nd june connected agent contacted agent said didnt pay duty wait another month
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,"Nice garment, but...","The 2 hooded fleeces appear to be good quality and felt lovely and soft. The negatives were the time it took to receive the products (probably too used to quicker organisations) and the sizing. I am a size 14, so ordered medium. They were huge. Would easily fit 16plus with room to spare. However, I  liked the quality and colours so have ordered again,  but in small size.",4,2026-06-06 17:54:46+00:00,Trustpilot,hooded fleece appear good quality felt lovely soft negative time took receive product probably used quicker organisation sizing size ordered medium huge would easily fit plus room spare however liked quality colour ordered small size
ASOS,Fast Fashion,A bag which is beige they sell it for…,A bag which is beige they sell it for white.I returned.They charged me for both delivery and return!,1,2026-06-06 17:50:43+00:00,Trustpilot,bag beige sell whitei returnedthey charged delivery return
ASOS,Fast Fashion,ASOS refuse refund,Bought an item. Was supposed to be delivered on a Thursday but never delivered. Carrier told me to wait three days which was crazy. Then after three days told me to wait another day. Called ASOS to share I haven’t received it they refuse to refund me but wanted to give carrier time to investigate. Total disregard for customer. Carrier tells me the package was robbed but wouldn’t tell ASOS that so ASOS won’t refund me until they hear back from the crappy Carrier GOFO or Starlinks.,1,2026-06-06 17:48:42+00:00,Trustpilot,bought item supposed delivered thursday never delivered carrier told wait three day crazy three day told wait another day called asos share havent received refuse refund wanted give carrier time investigate total disregard customer carrier tell package robbed wouldnt tell asos asos wont refund hear back crappy carrier gofo starlinks
ASOS,Fast Fashion,UPDATE on my review of 4th June,UPDATE on my review of 4th June: I had another online attempt at reporting a missing item from my order. I seem to have connected with a human this time and the response was very helpful. A refund is on the way.,4,2026-06-06 15:28:47+00:00,Trustpilot,update review th june another online attempt reporting missing item order seem connected human time response helpful refund way
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,The quality of the clothes has not been…,"The quality of the clothes has not been satisfactory. The stitching for yellow trousers was part yellow, part black. There was a hole in my recent purchase and boohoo are not offering a refund, there is not the option to select faulty item on their portal to complete a return, their customer service asks the same questions again and again without resolving the issue. Would not recommend.",1,2026-06-06 15:25:34+00:00,Trustpilot,quality clothes satisfactory stitching yellow trouser part yellow part black hole recent purchase boohoo offering refund option select faulty item portal complete return customer service asks question without resolving issue would recommend
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,If I could do ZERO stars I would.,"Be careful, I,ve had £2.99 delivery + added to my bill, told them I didn,t ask for it so why? No answer except its to make sure my parcel gets to me??? Like a kinda insurance, how thats meant to stop theft or disappearance of parcels god knows. Thought thats what I paid £3.99 delivery for . This company are adding on ££ that you,ve not asked for  so before you press that checkout button....CHECK DETAILS...They've had £2.99 delivery+ AND £3.99 delivery So even if you send all back, they still make money from people ... Fuming....almost £7 gone!! And a month waiting on a refund !! Lesson learnt, won't buy again If I could do zero stars I would.",1,2026-06-06 14:07:19+00:00,Trustpilot,careful ive delivery added bill told didnt ask answer except make sure parcel get like kinda insurance thats meant stop theft disappearance parcel god know thought thats paid delivery company adding youve asked press checkout buttoncheck detailstheyve delivery delivery even send back still make money people fumingalmost gone month waiting refund lesson learnt wont buy could zero star would
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Kai was helpful and answered all my…,Kai was helpful and answered all my questions about return process.,5,2026-06-06 13:55:03+00:00,Trustpilot,kai helpful answered question return process
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,My new favourite company,"My new favourite company. Saw the advert was a little sceptical about quality due to price of bundle but loved the story. I need bot have worried, love the feel  the weight of material and the fit. That added to the way they care for the planet means this won't be my last order. Summer is sorted now on to Autumn wardrobe!!! Thanks Davs",5,2026-06-06 12:20:19+00:00,Trustpilot,new favourite company saw advert little sceptical quality due price bundle loved story need bot worried love feel weight material fit added way care planet mean wont last order summer sorted autumn wardrobe thanks davs
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Warning!,"Warning! I strongly advise against buying from Missguided, which is now owned by SHEIN (something I unfortunately was unaware of when placing my order). The clothes I received were in terrible condition and several items were faulty. I ended up spending both a significant amount of time and money trying to return the order. Not only did I never receive a refund, but I also had to pay for two separate return shipments because the return address provided by the company did not exist. Customer service was equally disappointing. After the initial response, my emails were essentially ignored, and no meaningful assistance was provided. At this point, I simply want to move on from this frustrating experience and accept the money I have lost due to this unprofessional company. I therefore requested that my account and personal data should be deleted in accordance with my rights under GDPR, but this request has also been ignored. Based on my experience, I would strongly recommend that others avoid both Missguided and SHEIN.",1,2026-06-06 11:12:14+00:00,Trustpilot,warning strongly advise buying missguided owned shein something unfortunately unaware placing order clothes received terrible condition several item faulty ended spending significant amount time money trying return order never receive refund also pay two separate return shipment return address provided company exist customer service equally disappointing initial response email essentially ignored meaningful assistance provided point simply want move frustrating experience accept money lost due unprofessional company therefore requested account personal data deleted accordance right gdpr request also ignored based experience would strongly recommend others avoid missguided shein
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Dont buy from them,"I bought two of the same dress so I could compare size. I did not receive a booking information email and the parcel came without any paperwork. One dress was marked and neither were suitable so I wanted to return these. You can only speak to a bot through Facebook messenger. It takes an age to get a response and when you respond it goes unanswered. Ive been asked for the same information I had already provided 4 times and still a week down the line I have had no answers, and stuck with 2 dresses one of which is marked. I had used boohoo previously but I will never use them again and strongly advise anyone not to use them. Customer service is terrible. Dresses are marked when they arrive. No purchasing information shared. No paperwork shared. Disgusting.",1,2026-06-06 10:10:41+00:00,Trustpilot,bought two dress could compare size receive booking information email parcel came without paperwork one dress marked neither suitable wanted return speak bot facebook messenger take age get response respond go unanswered ive asked information already provided time still week line answer stuck dress one marked used boohoo previously never use strongly advise anyone use customer service terrible dress marked arrive purchasing information shared paperwork shared disgusting
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Terrible customer service,"Terrible customer service. I’ve been a customer for around 10 years and have generally always been happy with the service, but my experience with a replacement item has been awful. Their delivery partner, Relay, left my parcel at the completely wrong address, and all I’ve been asking for is a replacement. I spent days going around in circles with the AI chat before finally getting through to a human, answered all the questions, and then the case was escalated. It’s now been nearly two weeks and a replacement still hasn’t been dispatched. They also won’t refund me because a replacement has already been requested, so I’m just left waiting with no resolution. I don’t understand where the urgency is to fix a mistake that wasn’t mine. Why am I having to wait so long for a replacement?",1,2026-06-06 08:59:33+00:00,Trustpilot,terrible customer service ive customer around year generally always happy service experience replacement item awful delivery partner relay left parcel completely wrong address ive asking replacement spent day going around circle ai chat finally getting human answered question case escalated nearly two week replacement still hasnt dispatched also wont refund replacement already requested im left waiting resolution dont understand urgency fix mistake wasnt mine wait long replacement
ASOS,Fast Fashion,ASOS need to sort out their delivery…,"ASOS need to sort out their delivery service. It lets them down (EVRI). I’m not ordering from them again, it’s too unreliable and I don’t want the hassle!",1,2026-06-06 00:05:25+00:00,Trustpilot,asos need sort delivery service let evri im ordering unreliable dont want hassle
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,As the tracking on my delivery app says…,"As the tracking on my delivery app says that it has been delivered, Kai reassured me that its still on its way and maybe a misscommunication between the delivery service and the boohoo app. Thank you Kai for following up my parcel.",5,2026-06-05 21:19:59+00:00,Trustpilot,tracking delivery app say delivered kai reassured still way maybe misscommunication delivery service boohoo app thank kai following parcel
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Struggled to get any information about…,"Struggled to get any information about my return and refund in the beginning, but then Theo got in touch and was sorted really fast thankfully. 5 stars for Theo",3,2026-06-05 21:16:55+00:00,Trustpilot,struggled get information return refund beginning theo got touch sorted really fast thankfully star theo
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Quick response resolved in minutes by…,Quick response resolved in minutes by Kai thank you,5,2026-06-05 20:14:27+00:00,Trustpilot,quick response resolved minute kai thank
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Paid for next day,"Paid for next day, came three days after because they use Royal Mail. Great service….",1,2026-06-05 18:41:35+00:00,Trustpilot,paid next day came three day use royal mail great service
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Con / Scam Artist ASOS,"Ordered item from ASOS which was delivered by a “ brand partner “ - which wasn’t indicated when ordering. Tried to return item , the supplier Desigual are located in Spain they provided a barcode only as opposed to a label and hence all UPS drop off outlets are refusing to accept. Contacted 2 ASOS chat agents- summary of their support- it’s not our problem, sort it yourself, we’ve got your payment so now sod off.",1,2026-06-05 17:10:28+00:00,Trustpilot,ordered item asos delivered brand partner wasnt indicated ordering tried return item supplier desigual located spain provided barcode opposed label hence ups drop outlet refusing accept contacted asos chat agent summary support problem sort weve got payment sod
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Disgraceful,"Disgraceful, ASOS send worn items and when you try to return them (literally within 24hours of receiving) stating the reason for return is because they appear to be worn and used, the return gets rejected and they refuse to refund you and send the item back. Customers are penalised for staff incompetence.",1,2026-06-05 16:39:54+00:00,Trustpilot,disgraceful asos send worn item try return literally within hour receiving stating reason return appear worn used return get rejected refuse refund send item back customer penalised staff incompetence
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Ordered for the first and last time,Ordered for the first and last time. Absolute joke that i paid for guaranteed next day delivery and i am still waiting for my parcel 3 days later. Not acceptable and has now gone past the date i needed these for. DO NOT USE THIS SERVICE AS THEY CANNOT GUARANTEE THEIR PROMISES YOU PAY EXTRA! FOR,1,2026-06-05 15:12:06+00:00,Trustpilot,ordered first last time absolute joke paid guaranteed next day delivery still waiting parcel day later acceptable gone past date needed use service guarantee promise pay extra
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Good quality clothing,Good quality clothing. Had an issue with the delivery address and the customer service was excellent.,5,2026-06-05 15:07:14+00:00,Trustpilot,good quality clothing issue delivery address customer service excellent
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Utterly awful,"Asos decided to use the courier service RELAY to ""deliver"" my package - this service is known for being fraudulant - pacake theft, not attempting deliveries and saying they did, not paying their workers - so as per they did not deliver my items. They have no customer service because they are a scam so i reach out to Asos to assist and got nowhere. They are saying the tracking says the items are on the way back to the warehouse but they can't tell me any definitive details and of course Clearpay continues to charge me for the pending payments of items i never received! This company needs to do better. I will be reporting this to ombudsman and seeking legal action against them if one more cent gets taken from my account for goods I never received",1,2026-06-05 14:38:22+00:00,Trustpilot,asos decided use courier service relay deliver package service known fraudulant pacake theft attempting delivery saying paying worker per deliver item customer service scam reach asos assist got nowhere saying tracking say item way back warehouse cant tell definitive detail course clearpay continues charge pending payment item never received company need better reporting ombudsman seeking legal action one cent get taken account good never received
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Avoid like the plague,Avoid like the plague! Terrible customer service.,1,2026-06-05 14:18:52+00:00,Trustpilot,avoid like plague terrible customer service
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Purchased shorts .... theft by Royal Mail,Purchased shorts ..... royal mail claim item was delivered ..... photo is of the delivery persons hand with MY parcel in it ..... worse thing is I work there and could have collected from site .... this is a high value item and although ASOS is replacing you cannot speak to a human to escalate the theft issue ... absolutely gutting as this could have been avoided and Royal Mail seem totally apathetic to a potential thief in their employment . Sad times,3,2026-06-05 13:40:43+00:00,Trustpilot,purchased short royal mail claim item delivered photo delivery person hand parcel worse thing work could collected site high value item although asos replacing speak human escalate theft issue absolutely gutting could avoided royal mail seem totally apathetic potential thief employment sad time
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Excellence,"I’ve been shopping online forever, but this is honestly my first time ordering clothes from ASOS — I usually only bought lotions, skincare, and beauty products online. I’m genuinely shocked by how amazing everything is! The quality is incredible, the cuts fit beautifully, the materials feel premium, and the styles are exactly what I was looking for. On top of that, the delivery was super fast and everything arrived perfectly. I can already tell this is going to become my number one online shop for clothes. ASOS completely exceeded my expectations, and now I finally understand why so many people love shopping here. Highly recommended! ✨🖤",5,2026-06-05 13:37:57+00:00,Trustpilot,ive shopping online forever honestly first time ordering clothes asos usually bought lotion skincare beauty product online im genuinely shocked amazing everything quality incredible cut fit beautifully material feel premium style exactly looking top delivery super fast everything arrived perfectly already tell going become number one online shop clothes asos completely exceeded expectation finally understand many people love shopping highly recommended
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Refused refund for 'damaged items'- no evidence and no help!,"Refused refund for 'damaged items' - unable and unwilling to provide photos or logs detailing the damage.  Shopping with them is not worth the risk! Their chat feature is hard to use- hard to get through to a real person and no help when you did. I requested details for a formal complaint procedure and was only provided with a link that didn't work three times and then they closed the chat on me. Terrible customer service, unreliable shopping experience and all around dodgy feeling.",1,2026-06-05 13:16:15+00:00,Trustpilot,refused refund damaged item unable unwilling provide photo log detailing damage shopping worth risk chat feature hard use hard get real person help requested detail formal complaint procedure provided link didnt work three time closed chat terrible customer service unreliable shopping experience around dodgy feeling
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Missing parcel,Evri delivered my parcels to my front garden and they were missing I was struggling with the contact with evri as the told me they were left in the garden and ended the call I resulted in contacting boohoo by Facebook and Kai swiftly helped me sort out the issue with my missing parcel much appreciated the help given by Kai thank you very much such a quick and easy process. Thanks Lydia,5,2026-06-05 13:12:39+00:00,Trustpilot,evri delivered parcel front garden missing struggling contact evri told left garden ended call resulted contacting boohoo facebook kai swiftly helped sort issue missing parcel much appreciated help given kai thank much quick easy process thanks lydia
ASOS,Fast Fashion,AI is taking over and not in the right…,"AI is taking over and not in the right way. Needed a few items quickly before a trip at the beginning of the year. The website took the money but cancelled the order. I resubmitted the order, which came with a fresh new ref ID. In short, I ended up paying twice. According to their policies, after ten days, I should have gotten refunded for the cancelled order. Unfortunately, their AI-generated aftercare compounded my two orders (although under different references) and denied the error. There is no way to speak to a person. It all goes through lengthy online chats (40 mins), where, on several occasions, their team could see the error but were not able to help you. They can see your order page, but no one seems to move a finger your way. I begged for a telephone number, or at least for them to contact me by email. How great it would have been to have a real person via phone call. The only way to resolve it was to escalate the case via my bank, which took my side and refunded me the payment.",1,2026-06-05 12:53:13+00:00,Trustpilot,ai taking right way needed item quickly trip beginning year website took money cancelled order resubmitted order came fresh new ref id short ended paying twice according policy ten day gotten refunded cancelled order unfortunately aigenerated aftercare compounded two order although different reference denied error way speak person go lengthy online chat min several occasion team could see error able help see order page one seems move finger way begged telephone number least contact email great would real person via phone call way resolve escalate case via bank took side refunded payment
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,I have had a good experience with Carson,"I have had a good experience with customer service with fast replies and then understanding my concerns, all of my refunds being processed and then being able to help me with enquiries was amazing. I had a day wait at the start that put me down a bit but the amazing response after made it better. Carson was great and easy to talk to and understood my enquiry.",4,2026-06-05 12:27:00+00:00,Trustpilot,good experience customer service fast reply understanding concern refund processed able help enquiry amazing day wait start put bit amazing response made better carson great easy talk understood enquiry
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Cannot generate a return,"I am trying to generate a return. I then enter the returns portal, enter my details and my order is displayed. Once I select the item I want to return I am taken to a new page. My item is no longer displayed (missing as an option) and I cannot generate a return. I have sent numerous emails and I'm getting a generic response. If I could actually talk to a human they could easily rectify this and generate a return. I'm sure a response here will say send a message or include a reference number I have!",1,2026-06-05 12:22:33+00:00,Trustpilot,trying generate return enter return portal enter detail order displayed select item want return taken new page item longer displayed missing option generate return sent numerous email im getting generic response could actually talk human could easily rectify generate return im sure response say send message include reference number
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Very bad from service point of view and…,"Very bad from service point of view and quality, they charge you for retour making it not attractive to order and even the shortage return amount you don’t get it! Very bad experience!",1,2026-06-05 10:58:09+00:00,Trustpilot,bad service point view quality charge retour making attractive order even shortage return amount dont get bad experience
ASOS,Fast Fashion,terrible customer service,terrible customer service. Paid $20 delivery fee for a crushed box and was told i've have to pay full refund fees and delivery fees. Will never order with them again.,1,2026-06-05 05:59:42+00:00,Trustpilot,terrible customer service paid delivery fee crushed box told ive pay full refund fee delivery fee never order
ASOS,Fast Fashion,What’s new,"I would give zero stars if I could. They’ve increased the instant delivery to £11.95, I paid it - do you think it arrived? No, unreliable service as per usual, avoid like the plague",1,2026-06-04 23:26:25+00:00,Trustpilot,would give zero star could theyve increased instant delivery paid think arrived unreliable service per usual avoid like plague
ASOS,Fast Fashion,don’t buy they scam,I ordered a dress payed about £10 for delivery has not arrived neither has costumer service got back,1,2026-06-04 22:51:00+00:00,Trustpilot,ordered dress payed delivery arrived neither costumer service got back
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Never will i order from this company…,Never will i order from this company again. I ordered a bag on the boohoo website which took over a week to arrive. This was now too late. As I no longer needed it I raised a return to send it back. Was told to contact london aftershock as this was where the bag is actually from...After two further emails ...IT  then took a further week to receive the returns paperwork as its all paperless now. I sent the item back as soon as I received the paperwork. Over 3 weeks later im still emailing them as I have not received any refund. I was told by boohoo to contact aftershock london as the bag was from them via the boohoo website. London aftershock has now told me they have processed it so now I have to contact boohoo again to see where my refund is  !! Absolute farce .,1,2026-06-04 22:09:04+00:00,Trustpilot,never order company ordered bag boohoo website took week arrive late longer needed raised return send back told contact london aftershock bag actually fromafter two email took week receive return paperwork paperless sent item back soon received paperwork week later im still emailing received refund told boohoo contact aftershock london bag via boohoo website london aftershock told processed contact boohoo see refund absolute farce
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Customer service are great,"Customer service are great, very quick to respond and love the clothes. Especially the fleeces. Great there is a shop in Canterbury too",5,2026-06-04 20:27:51+00:00,Trustpilot,customer service great quick respond love clothes especially fleece great shop canterbury
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,I was returning an item and could not…,I was returning an item and could not find the order number. Kia found it for me in seconds. Excellent.👍,5,2026-06-04 19:02:32+00:00,Trustpilot,returning item could find order number kia found second excellent
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,The way this company treat their…,"The way this company treat their customers is disgusting! Be very wary when buying from these as when you check out it automatically adds their premium subscription to your basket and if like me, you do not realise to uncheck the box, you are charged £9.99. This is very misleading! Customer service refused to issue a refund despite it stating in their terms and conditions that you have a 14 day cooling off period to cancel the subscription. After telling them i was contacting the Retail ADR team and citizens advice they agreed to deactivate the subscription and said I would receive a refund within 5 days. I never received anything and the subscription is still running. Looks like I have a yearly subscrption for a service I will never use again!",1,2026-06-04 17:12:54+00:00,Trustpilot,way company treat customer disgusting wary buying check automatically add premium subscription basket like realise uncheck box charged misleading customer service refused issue refund despite stating term condition day cooling period cancel subscription telling contacting retail adr team citizen advice agreed deactivate subscription said would receive refund within day never received anything subscription still running look like yearly subscrption service never use
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Well what can I say they obviously…,"Well what can I say they obviously cannot count dates/ days on a calendar, bought pair of vans- too small returned with their 28 day timeframe, only to have my returns rejected and sent back to me. What a scam. Csa dropping chats so I’d have to start again and explain it all over again. They admitted that it was a fault on their side, but returned the shoes to me and now won’t give me a returns code as it’s outside the 28 days. Disgusting!!!! Small claims court it will be!",1,2026-06-04 16:57:58+00:00,Trustpilot,well say obviously count date day calendar bought pair van small returned day timeframe return rejected sent back scam csa dropping chat id start explain admitted fault side returned shoe wont give return code outside day disgusting small claim court
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Incorrect item delivered (I paid extra…,"Incorrect item delivered (I paid extra for next day delivery). Tried contacting them via messenger, because that's the only option. And no reply in over 24 hours. I won't be using them again.",1,2026-06-04 16:45:28+00:00,Trustpilot,incorrect item delivered paid extra next day delivery tried contacting via messenger thats option reply hour wont using
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Worst Customer Service,"There is basically not customer service, no email to ask anything, its mostly AI,  would not recommend to buy from here, I bought the ASOS premier but will not be renewing",1,2026-06-04 16:31:06+00:00,Trustpilot,basically customer service email ask anything mostly ai would recommend buy bought asos premier renewing
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Failed to deliver,"I ordered an item, paid the postage for it to be delivered.  They stated it was despatched and would be with me by 29th May.  Yes the Royal mail website stated they are still waiting for the item.  I contacted ASOS today (4th June) and despite them supplying a delivery tracking number they now tell me the item has not left their warehouse yet.  They asked if I still wanted the item and I said YES.  They then said we will let you know if we have it and can send it.  DON'T ADVERTISE STOCK IF YOU DON'T HAVE IT.  Avoid ASOS like the plague.",1,2026-06-04 16:02:54+00:00,Trustpilot,ordered item paid postage delivered stated despatched would th may yes royal mail website stated still waiting item contacted asos today th june despite supplying delivery tracking number tell item left warehouse yet asked still wanted item said yes said let know send dont advertise stock dont avoid asos like plague
ASOS,Fast Fashion,ASOS took my money and never sent me my parcel,Such absolutely bloody rubbish - spent SGD145 on four items and was told the parcel had been despatched from the UK on 18th may 2026. Estimated delivery to me in Singapore was meant to be 29th may. This order of four items was meant to be my birthday treat to myself but here I am on June 4th still wondering where my parcel is. Rubbish ASOS agent or bot immediately claimed it must be that I owe Singapore customs money so it’s up to me to settle this and they’ve washed their hands. All he could do was repeat his script. I’ve tried checking with NinjaVan the delivery courier  Singapore and of course what’s a shocker no answer from them. I hope ASOS is happy with the money they’ve taken from me. May they go far in life with the money they’ve taken from so many customers. What I do know is this. I will never ever ever make the mistake of ordering from asos ever again. Maybe they should change their name to AssUs cos that seems more appropriate. I know I’ve got no hope of ever getting a refund cos every time I asked the rubbish agent/bot the question was evaded.,1,2026-06-04 15:55:20+00:00,Trustpilot,absolutely bloody rubbish spent sgd four item told parcel despatched uk th may estimated delivery singapore meant th may order four item meant birthday treat june th still wondering parcel rubbish asos agent bot immediately claimed must owe singapore custom money settle theyve washed hand could repeat script ive tried checking ninjavan delivery courier singapore course whats shocker answer hope asos happy money theyve taken may go far life money theyve taken many customer know never ever ever make mistake ordering asos ever maybe change name assus co seems appropriate know ive got hope ever getting refund co every time asked rubbish agentbot question evaded
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Extremely disappointing experience,"Extremely disappointing experience. My gift card expired, even though I had been actively looking for it after it was misplaced during a house move. I contacted customer support via chat, and while they acknowledged that exceptions can sometimes be made to extend gift card expiry dates, they refused to explain the criteria. The conversation was abruptly ended without any resolution. As a regular ASOS customer, this has been very frustrating and has completely changed my perception of the brand. I won’t be shopping here again. I would also strongly advise others not to purchase gift cards. If anything unexpected happens, you risk losing your money with no support or flexibility.",1,2026-06-04 13:46:15+00:00,Trustpilot,extremely disappointing experience gift card expired even though actively looking misplaced house move contacted customer support via chat acknowledged exception sometimes made extend gift card expiry date refused explain criterion conversation abruptly ended without resolution regular asos customer frustrating completely changed perception brand wont shopping would also strongly advise others purchase gift card anything unexpected happens risk losing money support flexibility
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Wrong sizes then no refund,"Ordered a 3 piece set in size S, one piece came as L, another XS and another S. No help from boohoo just told to return. Returned item and a month later still received no refund. Won’t be buying from boohoo again.",1,2026-06-04 12:59:10+00:00,Trustpilot,ordered piece set size one piece came l another x another help boohoo told return returned item month later still received refund wont buying boohoo
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,AVOID!,"Ordered a bundle of clothes amounting to £200+, unfortunately most of the items were either poorly made or cheap horrible material and looked completely different to advertised. On returning them, boohoo failed to refund me for an item included in the return. So I have contacted their customer services multiple times, via text and messenger as is the only way, and they just keep asking for the same return number again and again and getting nowhere. Very frustrating process, shocking customer service, not giving my full refund and cheap poorly made clothing. AVOID!",1,2026-06-04 12:28:03+00:00,Trustpilot,ordered bundle clothes amounting unfortunately item either poorly made cheap horrible material looked completely different advertised returning boohoo failed refund item included return contacted customer service multiple time via text messenger way keep asking return number getting nowhere frustrating process shocking customer service giving full refund cheap poorly made clothing avoid
ASOS,Fast Fashion,NEVER GET REIMBURSED,"I returned a dress that was too big for me, it was quite expensive so I prefer to returned it. I followed every asos instructions for the return and I never get reimbursed !! I tried to contact customer service but all they have is robots chats that doesn’t help me to get reimbursed till this day!!! I will never buy from this site ever again!!",1,2026-06-04 11:26:43+00:00,Trustpilot,returned dress big quite expensive prefer returned followed every asos instruction return never get reimbursed tried contact customer service robot chat doesnt help get reimbursed till day never buy site ever
ASOS,Fast Fashion,ZERO stars,"ASOS customer service is absolutely terrible. I received a pair of shorts with a broken zipper and was advised by customer service to return them. They even provided a return label. The warehouse received the return, only to reject it and send it back, claiming it was ""outside the return timeframe"" — despite the fact that the item was faulty. I then spent over an hour on live chat, where I was repeatedly told the issue had to be escalated to a specialist team. For a pair of faulty shorts. Once the shorts were returned to me, I was instructed to send them back again and contact customer service so I could receive a refund without having to wait the usual two weeks for a return review. After following those instructions, I contacted them again and was told — once again — that it needed to go to a specialist team. I provided proof of delivery as requested, and still nothing has been resolved. It's pretty shocking that I've paid for a faulty item and am now potentially facing a two-month process just to receive a proper pair of shorts or a refund. The lack of communication, consistency, and accountability has been incredibly frustrating. ASOS, do better. I'll definitely be cancelling my Premier membership after this experience. 👍",1,2026-06-04 10:13:09+00:00,Trustpilot,asos customer service absolutely terrible received pair short broken zipper advised customer service return even provided return label warehouse received return reject send back claiming outside return timeframe despite fact item faulty spent hour live chat repeatedly told issue escalated specialist team pair faulty short short returned instructed send back contact customer service could receive refund without wait usual two week return review following instruction contacted told needed go specialist team provided proof delivery requested still nothing resolved pretty shocking ive paid faulty item potentially facing twomonth process receive proper pair short refund lack communication consistency accountability incredibly frustrating asos better ill definitely cancelling premier membership experience
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Ridiculous new refund method,"What has happened to Boohoo???? I placed an order worth £120, everything that arrived was a terrible fit and really poorly made so I decided to return. What boohoo hadn’t updated anyone with was the fact they’ve changed the refund process. There is a choice at the start to select gift card or refund to payment method, however, gift card is selected at a default. So if you aren’t expecting this, and click continue, you automatically select “gift card” as your refund method. Once this is selected, it cannot be changed which I think is an absolute scam. I then never received the gift card confirmation and asked for it to be resent. I then came to using it this week, where I asked for the gift card to be reissued and was told it had exceeded the 90 day limit!? Which I couldn’t have been aware of as I never received it in the first place. So now I am £120 short and customer service have been of no help or understanding.",1,2026-06-04 10:06:08+00:00,Trustpilot,happened boohoo placed order worth everything arrived terrible fit really poorly made decided return boohoo hadnt updated anyone fact theyve changed refund process choice start select gift card refund payment method however gift card selected default arent expecting click continue automatically select gift card refund method selected changed think absolute scam never received gift card confirmation asked resent came using week asked gift card reissued told exceeded day limit couldnt aware never received first place short customer service help understanding
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Kai was so helpful regarding an item…,Kai was so helpful regarding an item notvarrived. Efficient and reassuring - thank you.,5,2026-06-04 07:52:15+00:00,Trustpilot,kai helpful regarding item notvarrived efficient reassuring thank
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Horrible experience with disconnected…,"Horrible experience with disconnected customer service. I ordered pajamas for my wedding. 2 items I never received and I couldn’t reorder in time and in order to get a refund it took a 20 email thread with me providing the same information over and over again in order for the refund to be processed. The items I needed to return, I still haven’t been able to, once again they keep asking the same information over and over and I haven’t been able to send it back for over two weeks.and still no end in sight. The people you deal with are incompetent and it is so inconvenient I will definitely never be buying from them again. It shouldn’t be this hard to return items or get a refund when an error is made on their part.",1,2026-06-04 00:36:10+00:00,Trustpilot,horrible experience disconnected customer service ordered pajama wedding item never received couldnt reorder time order get refund took email thread providing information order refund processed item needed return still havent able keep asking information havent able send back two weeksand still end sight people deal incompetent inconvenient definitely never buying shouldnt hard return item get refund error made part
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,The worst customer service …,"I ordered something Express delivery with my premier account on 18th May 26. It’s now 2nd June 26 and it hasn’t turned up. The item has clearly been lost by Evri, but boohoo haven’t refunded me yet. You can only contact an AI and it keeps moving the date I need to wait until I get my refund. It makes you jump through hoops just to tell you, actually wait another few days then get back to us. After you wait that extra few days you get the same again. Your customer service isn’t just bad, it’s none existent. Give me my money back now!!!! I’ll contact trading standards and I’m never shopping with you again.",2,2026-06-03 23:49:04+00:00,Trustpilot,ordered something express delivery premier account th may nd june hasnt turned item clearly lost evri boohoo havent refunded yet contact ai keep moving date need wait get refund make jump hoop tell actually wait another day get back u wait extra day get customer service isnt bad none existent give money back ill contact trading standard im never shopping
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Do not get a refund on a gift card. Customer Service is non existent,Never get a refund on a gift card from Boohoo. If a problem arises they will not help you and you loose any money that was on that gift card. They do not explain the t&c’s when issuing gift card. Customer service is non existent. I was also overcharged for postage and did not receive a reply after many attempts to contact them. They do not even deserve 1 star!,1,2026-06-03 21:30:32+00:00,Trustpilot,never get refund gift card boohoo problem arises help loose money gift card explain tc issuing gift card customer service non existent also overcharged postage receive reply many attempt contact even deserve star
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Rapanui Customer Service,I contacted Rapanui Customer Service via a Facebook message and got a friendly and helpful reply to my enquiry.,5,2026-06-03 20:45:16+00:00,Trustpilot,contacted rapanui customer service via facebook message got friendly helpful reply enquiry
ASOS,Fast Fashion,1 hour time delay on Premier Delivery…,Beware of 1 hour time delay on Premier Delivery service purchase. Despite confirmation emails and tags on my account to say service active I was still charged an additional cost for next day delivery of my order. ASOS refused to refund as clearly stated a ‘potential’ 1 hour delay in T&Cs. Using chat help service also took time and I was then unable to cancel and make order again. I do not feel the company have helped to find any resolution. It’s highly misleading to state a service is active on an account but caveat a potential time delay in the small print. It’s also totally impractical to activate the subscription 1 hour post purchase and feels like a deliberate consumer trap to pay additional costs. It’s a small amount of money but a very deliberate policy designed to benefit ASOS and not its customers.,1,2026-06-03 19:01:11+00:00,Trustpilot,beware hour time delay premier delivery service purchase despite confirmation email tag account say service active still charged additional cost next day delivery order asos refused refund clearly stated potential hour delay tc using chat help service also took time unable cancel make order feel company helped find resolution highly misleading state service active account caveat potential time delay small print also totally impractical activate subscription hour post purchase feel like deliberate consumer trap pay additional cost small amount money deliberate policy designed benefit asos customer
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Next day delivery failure,I’ve ordered a t-shirt as last minute birthday present and paid next day delivery. It’s been two days and still no sign of it. They haven’t responded to my question about the order since the morning. Order marked as at the depot with Evri therefore I have no hopes received it anytime soon as Evri has terrible track record in our area. I have had similar situation with their parent company Debenhams and Evri over Xmas-paid extra for delivery before Xmas but because I used Blue Light discount it reverted to standard delivery which should have been free for the amount of order anyway . So not only did I pay for the delivery which otherwise would have been free Evri delivered it later than standard delivery timeframe specified. The only response I got from them was I should read terms and conditions when I asked for the delivery charge to be refunded. Update: I’ve heard from customer service after nearly 12h saying they are sorry and sent me link to Evri tracking ( I have this already so not helpful) they’ve also told me to allow up to 48h-they haven’t explained how this works with next day delivery and also ignored my request for next day delivery refund.,1,2026-06-03 18:28:59+00:00,Trustpilot,ive ordered tshirt last minute birthday present paid next day delivery two day still sign havent responded question order since morning order marked depot evri therefore hope received anytime soon evri terrible track record area similar situation parent company debenhams evri xmaspaid extra delivery xmas used blue light discount reverted standard delivery free amount order anyway pay delivery otherwise would free evri delivered later standard delivery timeframe specified response got read term condition asked delivery charge refunded update ive heard customer service nearly h saying sorry sent link evri tracking already helpful theyve also told allow hthey havent explained work next day delivery also ignored request next day delivery refund
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,quick and efficient,I found Keegan really helpful. Very quick response and resolution.,5,2026-06-03 18:08:44+00:00,Trustpilot,found keegan really helpful quick response resolution
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,I had an issue with my bag,"I had an issue with my bag, which became damaged sooner than expected. I contacted Lucy & Yak customer service and received a very quick, friendly, and helpful response. The team reviewed my case and provided a credit note without any hassle. I really appreciated how easy and straightforward the process was, as well as the kindness shown throughout the communication. Thank you to Zac and the Lucy & Yak team for the excellent customer service. It's reassuring to know that the company stands behind its products and values its customers. Highly recommended!",5,2026-06-03 17:44:16+00:00,Trustpilot,issue bag became damaged sooner expected contacted lucy yak customer service received quick friendly helpful response team reviewed case provided credit note without hassle really appreciated easy straightforward process well kindness shown throughout communication thank zac lucy yak team excellent customer service reassuring know company stand behind product value customer highly recommended
ASOS,Fast Fashion,"Five agents, six hours, for one return barcode","The delivery, returns and customer service has gone significantly downhill. My order was delivered much later than promised, forcing me to purchase replacement items separately using next-day delivery. The real issue was the return process. The items I wanted to return were still within the return window, but a technical issue meant a return barcode could not be generated because other items from the same order had been delivered earlier. It took five separate contacts with customer service and over six hours of my time to resolve what should have been a straightforward issue. During this process, I received contradictory information from multiple agents, including being told both that the items were within the return window and that the return window had already closed. Even though I was clearly in the 28 day window. ASOS eventually issued the return barcode, confirming that the return could be processed, but only after significant effort on my part. No goodwill gesture was offered despite the time spent repeatedly chasing a resolution. The agents were argumentative and it was difficult for them to understand the issue. There is also no way to escalate matters or complaint procedures, meaning you have to rely on incompetent customer care agents who don't care about resolving the issue in a way that reflects well on the company. Disappointing customer service and a frustrating experience overall. Will not be shopping here again.",1,2026-06-03 16:21:14+00:00,Trustpilot,delivery return customer service gone significantly downhill order delivered much later promised forcing purchase replacement item separately using nextday delivery real issue return process item wanted return still within return window technical issue meant return barcode could generated item order delivered earlier took five separate contact customer service six hour time resolve straightforward issue process received contradictory information multiple agent including told item within return window return window already closed even though clearly day window asos eventually issued return barcode confirming return could processed significant effort part goodwill gesture offered despite time spent repeatedly chasing resolution agent argumentative difficult understand issue also way escalate matter complaint procedure meaning rely incompetent customer care agent dont care resolving issue way reflects well company disappointing customer service frustrating experience overall shopping
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Next Day Delivery Scam,"Paid for next day delivery and it arrived 10 days late. Tried to get a refund but I am stuck with a repetitive chat bot who wont stop sending the same message of ""I completely understand that you placed the order with next day delivery, Conor, but according to our records, it shows you received the parcel before the expected delivery date. That is why we are unable to process a refund for the delivery fee."" If you have a complaint dont waste your time.",1,2026-06-03 15:37:49+00:00,Trustpilot,paid next day delivery arrived day late tried get refund stuck repetitive chat bot wont stop sending message completely understand placed order next day delivery conor according record show received parcel expected delivery date unable process refund delivery fee complaint dont waste time
ASOS,Fast Fashion,It is not acceptable to take 23 days to…,It is not acceptable to take 23 days to refund an order ? I will never order from ASOS again.,1,2026-06-03 14:55:19+00:00,Trustpilot,acceptable take day refund order never order asos
ASOS,Fast Fashion,STAY AWAY FROM ASOS!!!,Asos are not even worthy of 1 star! I had some gift cards for use at Asos. On 21 May I identified some items to purchase. Asos make you add the cards to your account rather than just checkout using the cards. When trying to checkout I got an error message.  I hadn't even got as far as payment instructions.  When I returned to my account to try and order again the vouchers were gone! I had copies of the vouchers on the account and shared with Asos.  It has now been over 2 weeks and i do not have my vouchers reinstated and have wasted hours and hours on Asos. They tell me the cards have been redeemed on another account but refuse to confirm if fraud or provide details of the account. I have asked for formal complaint 3 times but ignored. It seems they don't understand the concept!! STAY AWAY FROM ASOS!!!,1,2026-06-03 14:22:40+00:00,Trustpilot,asos even worthy star gift card use asos may identified item purchase asos make add card account rather checkout using card trying checkout got error message hadnt even got far payment instruction returned account try order voucher gone copy voucher account shared asos week voucher reinstated wasted hour hour asos tell card redeemed another account refuse confirm fraud provide detail account asked formal complaint time ignored seems dont understand concept stay away asos
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Have been waiting for a refund for a…,"Have been waiting for a refund for a dress I returned back in May. Contacted boohoo customer service and have provided all proof of postage and return and every single response from them is asking me for proof of postage. It is a different person responding each time and no one reads my previous emails so they start the whole process again. I have asked to escalate this and to make a formal complaint and there has been no acknowledgment. This is a £150 dress which they are not refunding me for. If this matter cannot be resolved promptly, I will pursue recovery through my payment provider via chargeback or Section 75 (if applicable), and I will consider commencing proceedings through the small claims process as this outstanding amount is more than £100.",1,2026-06-03 13:52:59+00:00,Trustpilot,waiting refund dress returned back may contacted boohoo customer service provided proof postage return every single response asking proof postage different person responding time one read previous email start whole process asked escalate make formal complaint acknowledgment dress refunding matter resolved promptly pursue recovery payment provider via chargeback section applicable consider commencing proceeding small claim process outstanding amount
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Ordered an item which is effectively a…,"Ordered an item which is effectively a brand sold on Shein. Wasn’t impressed with the quality so returned this, at my own cost and almost a month later I still haven’t received my refund. DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SITE. I used to use Missguided a lot back in the day but it has gone totally downhill. I can almost guarantee you will find the same items on shein and at least you will be refunded if no good!",1,2026-06-03 12:50:33+00:00,Trustpilot,ordered item effectively brand sold shein wasnt impressed quality returned cost almost month later still havent received refund buy site used use missguided lot back day gone totally downhill almost guarantee find item shein least refunded good
ASOS,Fast Fashion,"Late, Damaged, Missing order","I paid for next day AM delivery, order didnt arrive until 4 days later, too late for the birthday that they were gifts for. When the order did arrive it was damaged and open and half the order missing! Will not be using ASOS again. No telephone number to ring, just an AI assistant on chat!",1,2026-06-03 11:29:34+00:00,Trustpilot,paid next day delivery order didnt arrive day later late birthday gift order arrive damaged open half order missing using asos telephone number ring ai assistant chat
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Help with missing return,Customer service department (Cristina) was very helpful when I returned a hoodie to them but no replacement or refund arrived back. Problem investigated and I now look forward to receiving the replacement.,4,2026-06-03 10:53:39+00:00,Trustpilot,customer service department cristina helpful returned hoodie replacement refund arrived back problem investigated look forward receiving replacement
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,I bought shoes from them for a wedding,"I bought shoes from them for a wedding,  I am a size 9, have ordered size 9 shoes from them previously and they fit fine. I go buy some heels for an upcoming wedding,  they are literally 2 sizes too big even though they are apparently size 9. I email them to see what's going on with their sizes,  have they changed supplier? Is the sizing wrong etc.  I get nothing but a run around with different so called ""customer service"" people, there were about 6 different emails sent with replys with mostly generic responses,  some staff were helpful then when I would get a reply it would be from a different staff member who just says the generic reply back and Clearly hasn't read what the issue is, then I'm back at square one. Omg the most ridiculous so called customer service I have ever come across. I missed out on getting shoes I needed for the wedding as by the time of all these ridiculous emails back and forth with them it was too late.  Pretty disgusted with their so called customer service.  Absolute joke",1,2026-06-03 04:36:23+00:00,Trustpilot,bought shoe wedding size ordered size shoe previously fit fine go buy heel upcoming wedding literally size big even though apparently size email see whats going size changed supplier sizing wrong etc get nothing run around different called customer service people different email sent reply mostly generic response staff helpful would get reply would different staff member say generic reply back clearly hasnt read issue im back square one omg ridiculous called customer service ever come across missed getting shoe needed wedding time ridiculous email back forth late pretty disgusted called customer service absolute joke
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,I had an item to return as it was the…,"I had an item to return as it was the only one which didn’t fit. But I forgot my email details. I spoke on text to Ellis who was very supportive, helpful and patient to support with a resolution x amazing thank you",5,2026-06-02 21:29:34+00:00,Trustpilot,item return one didnt fit forgot email detail spoke text elli supportive helpful patient support resolution x amazing thank
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,AVOID! AVOID! AVOID!!,I have been a regular boohoo customer for years and always pay for premium delivery. I had two gift cards which I used on two separate orders and paid part card with both. I returned some items and I am STILL waiting for a refund since 10th April! I have been in touch with them several times and they won’t resend my gift cards to an alternative email address even though I’m not receiving it and they have said the gift card has expired so there’s nothing they can do!!! I’m absolutely appalled with the level of service I have received! They are still refusing to give me my refund even though under the Consumer Rights Act 2015 and Consumer Contracts Regulations 2013 I am entitled to a refund within a reasonable period. They are  breaching consumer rights and unfair commercial practice.,1,2026-06-02 21:03:38+00:00,Trustpilot,regular boohoo customer year always pay premium delivery two gift card used two separate order paid part card returned item still waiting refund since th april touch several time wont resend gift card alternative email address even though im receiving said gift card expired there nothing im absolutely appalled level service received still refusing give refund even though consumer right act consumer contract regulation entitled refund within reasonable period breaching consumer right unfair commercial practice
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Fast and accurate answers,Professional and knowledgeable when to come to all the different questions asked,5,2026-06-02 20:03:55+00:00,Trustpilot,professional knowledgeable come different question asked
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Great clothes and great customer service,Great clothes and great customer service,5,2026-06-02 18:58:27+00:00,Trustpilot,great clothes great customer service
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Pants,Delivery Service Lack of customer service 2 weeks and not a word from them about where my parcel is,1,2026-06-02 16:07:49+00:00,Trustpilot,delivery service lack customer service week word parcel
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Unable to return items bought via Azure Fashion,Unable to return items bought via Boohoo from Azure Fashion.  The only way to contact Boohoo was via Messager and the automated response just kept repeating the same return option that didn't work.  Avoid buying anything you might want to return from Azure Fashion. Boohoo doesn't have any customer service!,1,2026-06-02 13:44:25+00:00,Trustpilot,unable return item bought via boohoo azure fashion way contact boohoo via messager automated response kept repeating return option didnt work avoid buying anything might want return azure fashion boohoo doesnt customer service
ASOS,Fast Fashion,So disappointed with ASOS strict returns policy.,"So disappointed with ASOS strict returns policy and the fact they don't have an alternative! Clothes on ASOS, especially ""ASOS Design"" clothes are always hit and miss. In most cases, a huge miss for me - I feel the design and quality of the materials are not great. Ordered 3 pairs of shorts. All my usual sizes. The ASOS design pair were paper thin and poor quality. One of the branded pair were just not the right look and the 3rd pair of shorts was a whole size down. I measured the waist and it was incorrect, despite the label. How can there be huge differences in sizes? I created a return within 28 days but my daughter fell seriously ill and had to be admitted to hospital. I ended up returning the items one week late! Got an email after the arrived back at ASOS to say return rejected. I appreciate you have a strict returns policy but sometimes the human element is lost with these large companies. Sometimes things/life can get out of our control and this is a prime example of an unexpected event. You should have an alternative option of a credit note that satisfies both parties. What is the point of sending me clothes that do not fit and I do not want? Having chat AI chat bots is so frustrating as you hope a human being would understand the situation and make special considerations! Very disappointed. Not sure I want to buy again in a hurry!",1,2026-06-02 12:06:01+00:00,Trustpilot,disappointed asos strict return policy fact dont alternative clothes asos especially asos design clothes always hit miss case huge miss feel design quality material great ordered pair short usual size asos design pair paper thin poor quality one branded pair right look rd pair short whole size measured waist incorrect despite label huge difference size created return within day daughter fell seriously ill admitted hospital ended returning item one week late got email arrived back asos say return rejected appreciate strict return policy sometimes human element lost large company sometimes thingslife get control prime example unexpected event alternative option credit note satisfies party point sending clothes fit want chat ai chat bot frustrating hope human would understand situation make special consideration disappointed sure want buy hurry
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Still waiting on my order nearly 3…,"Still waiting on my order nearly 3 weeks later, customer service no help at all. Ive contacted them numerous times. Terrible company,  would not order from missguided again..",1,2026-06-02 10:05:24+00:00,Trustpilot,still waiting order nearly week later customer service help ive contacted numerous time terrible company would order missguided
ASOS,Fast Fashion,POOR CUSTOMER SERVICES,"Ordered items for next day delivery - this company uses the worst carrier, namely Royal Mail that doesn't meet their delivery targets. Told to wait 24 hours but the item still didn't arrive told to wait another 24 hours still no sign of the next day delivery item. Been provided with conflicting information by customer services- will never order from ASOS again.",1,2026-06-02 06:38:45+00:00,Trustpilot,ordered item next day delivery company us worst carrier namely royal mail doesnt meet delivery target told wait hour item still didnt arrive told wait another hour still sign next day delivery item provided conflicting information customer service never order asos
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Product were absolute rubbish,"Product were absolute rubbish, very low quality. Then stiffed me on returns short changing me on refund l. Short changing customers great strategy",1,2026-06-01 21:21:46+00:00,Trustpilot,product absolute rubbish low quality stiffed return short changing refund l short changing customer great strategy
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,I ordered from Boohoo and paid for next…,"I ordered from Boohoo and paid for next day delivery, but my parcel was never even handed over to the courier. After contacting customer service, I was told to get back in touch if there was no update and a refund would be arranged. However, when I contacted them again, I was instead told that they needed to “investigate” the issue, leaving me still waiting with no parcel and no refund. I have now also been asked to wait a further two days for the ‘seller’ to respond, which is confusing as the issue appears to be entirely due to the seller’s actions. The lack of a timely resolution has made what should have been a straightforward process unnecessarily frustrating. It’s extremely annoying to pay extra for next day delivery and then not receive the order at all, especially when the issue appears to be on Boohoo’s side. The communication has been inconsistent, and the whole process has taken far longer than it should. Very disappointing experience.",1,2026-06-01 21:21:30+00:00,Trustpilot,ordered boohoo paid next day delivery parcel never even handed courier contacting customer service told get back touch update refund would arranged however contacted instead told needed investigate issue leaving still waiting parcel refund also asked wait two day seller respond confusing issue appears entirely due seller action lack timely resolution made straightforward process unnecessarily frustrating extremely annoying pay extra next day delivery receive order especially issue appears boohoos side communication inconsistent whole process taken far longer disappointing experience
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Disappointed & poor customer service,"Disappointed. Been a loyal Boohoo customer for years, pay for the annual premium delivery service and today have been let down by them. Placed an order last night which all seemed fine, got my order confirmation etc. all as expected. Only to find this morning I had the dispatch note with an extra added to my order! They'd added some new ""worry free postage"" fee on that I didn't select and wasn't on my original order confirmation but magically appeared on the dispatch email. So I contacted customer services who have basically said I added it myself and there are no refunds, no exceptions. Really disappointing when I have screenshots of both before it was added on my original order and the dispatch email where it was added. It was only £3 but if they do that to everyone then say it's not our problem then they're going to make a killing off it. I will not be shopping here again! Avoid!",1,2026-06-01 20:44:12+00:00,Trustpilot,disappointed loyal boohoo customer year pay annual premium delivery service today let placed order last night seemed fine got order confirmation etc expected find morning dispatch note extra added order theyd added new worry free postage fee didnt select wasnt original order confirmation magically appeared dispatch email contacted customer service basically said added refund exception really disappointing screenshots added original order dispatch email added everyone say problem theyre going make killing shopping avoid
ASOS,Fast Fashion,"Faulty shoes, zero accountability","I purchased a pair of sneakers from ASOS for over £100. After only 5-6 wears within the first month, the outsoles deteriorated significantly — a clear manufacturing defect. When I contacted customer care they acknowledged the issue but refused to cover return postage despite being legally required to do so for faulty goods under the Consumer Rights Act 2015. I am currently abroad and they would not provide an international return label or offer any alternative remedy. After multiple escalations including to a manager, I was left with no resolution whatsoever. Extremely disappointing for a retailer of this size.",1,2026-06-01 19:06:19+00:00,Trustpilot,purchased pair sneaker asos wear within first month outsole deteriorated significantly clear manufacturing defect contacted customer care acknowledged issue refused cover return postage despite legally required faulty good consumer right act currently abroad would provide international return label offer alternative remedy multiple escalation including manager left resolution whatsoever extremely disappointing retailer size
Missguided,Fast Fashion,THE WORST EXPERIENCE,THE WORST EXPERIENCE. It’s nearly impossible to work out how to return items,1,2026-06-01 18:10:23+00:00,Trustpilot,worst experience nearly impossible work return item
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Took ages to deliver then when got here…,Took ages to deliver then when got here it is a piece of rag.  When I go onto the returns site it says none of my info ie email phone number or order number exists,1,2026-06-01 17:50:51+00:00,Trustpilot,took age deliver got piece rag go onto return site say none info ie email phone number order number exists
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,STEALING FROM CUSTOMERS,"If I could rate lower than 1 star I would. My experience with boohoo has been terrible! on the 10th of April 2026, I returned my boohoo order, a couple of days later Klarna reached out to me to advise boohoo have claimed to have not received this so I needed to provide proof of return. Several times this happened. I then spoke to Boohoo customer service via imessage, someone confirmed to me on the 23rd of April that they received my FULL return. On the 17th of May, I had an update on Klarna to advise I owed money- which is strange as I had returned all items and even had confirmation from boohoo they received this, I reached out to them again via imessage and was told there was nothing they could do as over a month had passed (SHOCKING!), I then emailed their customer service, which has been ongoing for a while now. On the 17th of May I received confirmation again that they have got my return and I was told to wait 8 working days for this to be investigated and for me to get my refund. 8 working days passed, I reached out to boohoo again and was told I received the refund in April (which is not correct as only part was returned to me), I told them to re-read my email trail and come back to me with an update, I was told I needed to wait a further 7 working days for it to be investigated...so what was the previous 8 working days for? I explained I cannot wait another 7 working days and needed an update and the full refund ASAP, I got a response saying it is being investigated and I need to wait 48 hours... Customer service has been awful, I cannot believe you are refusing to give me my refund back even though you have confirmed on several occasions you received the full return. DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY UNLESS YOU WANT THEM TO STEAL YOUR MONEY. I asked to speak to a manager to escalate my complaint and was asked 'why, there is nothing a manager can do that our admin team can't' well the admin team apparently can't even give me the refund I deserve. Not even a single apology, this has been going on for almost 2 months now. I will NOT be using Boohoo ever again and I will be taking this further. I have been a loyal/regular customer with boohoo over the years and I am appalled at how I am being treated.",1,2026-06-01 17:01:41+00:00,Trustpilot,could rate lower star would experience boohoo terrible th april returned boohoo order couple day later klarna reached advise boohoo claimed received needed provide proof return several time happened spoke boohoo customer service via imessage someone confirmed rd april received full return th may update klarna advise owed money strange returned item even confirmation boohoo received reached via imessage told nothing could month passed shocking emailed customer service ongoing th may received confirmation got return told wait working day investigated get refund working day passed reached boohoo told received refund april correct part returned told reread email trail come back update told needed wait working day investigatedso previous working day explained wait another working day needed update full refund asap got response saying investigated need wait hour customer service awful believe refusing give refund back even though confirmed several occasion received full return use company unless want steal money asked speak manager escalate complaint asked nothing manager admin team cant well admin team apparently cant even give refund deserve even single apology going almost month using boohoo ever taking loyalregular customer boohoo year appalled treated
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,I’m unlucky I think with Boohoo,"I’m unlucky I think with Boohoo, everything I have bought has been substandard. Faulty items coming, I bought a really pretty dress, long enough (I can struggle here as have ling kegs) however I just could walk in it, it needed a split in it that’s all! Fit perfectly otherwise. I ordered shorts, they were cheap, just to thruw on fur hols, one leg was clearly longer than the other. I couldn’t dirt a return easily online, as ‘boohoo’ was not recognised with evri! But the Facebook DM was really quick to sort. others might be fine with boo-boo, not me.. Honestly, I’ve had better quality stuff from Temu and shein, get what you pay for I guess.. really gutted about the dress, was so pretty on, but need to be able to walk!",3,2026-06-01 16:57:29+00:00,Trustpilot,im unlucky think boohoo everything bought substandard faulty item coming bought really pretty dress long enough struggle ling keg however could walk needed split thats fit perfectly otherwise ordered short cheap thruw fur hols one leg clearly longer couldnt dirt return easily online boohoo recognised evri facebook dm really quick sort others might fine booboo honestly ive better quality stuff temu shein get pay guess really gutted dress pretty need able walk
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Customer Service is excellent,"Customer Service is excellent, I had an issue with some clothing, their response has been First Class, the issue dealt with and I am still a happy customer who will continue to purchase from Rapanui, special thanks to Sarah and Rich for their assistance.",5,2026-06-01 16:46:54+00:00,Trustpilot,customer service excellent issue clothing response first class issue dealt still happy customer continue purchase rapanui special thanks sarah rich assistance
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Absolutely disgraceful customer…,Absolutely disgraceful customer service! Been trying to get a resolution to my complaint since last Wednesday and every correspondence is system generated! Not looking into all previous information I have sent! Still not received my parcel and nobody taking ownership! Absolute shambles,1,2026-06-01 14:54:50+00:00,Trustpilot,absolutely disgraceful customer service trying get resolution complaint since last wednesday every correspondence system generated looking previous information sent still received parcel nobody taking ownership absolute shamble
Missguided,Fast Fashion,AVOID AT ALL COSTS,"AVOID AT ALL COSTS. The clothes that I ordered arrived but the sizing was wrong and had to return all of the items. The returns process is difficult and confusing. I have not received a refund or acknowledgment of my return, although Evri have emailed to say the return had been delivered. I have emailed customer services who asked me to add some further information. I did as I was asked and have sent follow up emails which have been ignored.",1,2026-06-01 14:21:09+00:00,Trustpilot,avoid cost clothes ordered arrived sizing wrong return item return process difficult confusing received refund acknowledgment return although evri emailed say return delivered emailed customer service asked add information asked sent follow email ignored
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Paid for next day delivery,"Paid for next day delivery, this hasnt happened. EVRI will not update where my parcel is, and boohoo do not answer whatsapp/facebook, just a continual generic message. I still have no order or refund for paying extra for a parcel ive never received!! Its very frustrating you cant speak to anyone. I specifically chose next day to take away with me.",1,2026-06-01 13:53:42+00:00,Trustpilot,paid next day delivery hasnt happened evri update parcel boohoo answer whatsappfacebook continual generic message still order refund paying extra parcel ive never received frustrating cant speak anyone specifically chose next day take away
ASOS,Fast Fashion,My package was not delivered at my…,"My package was not delivered at my house and the package delivery had made a mistake. The customer service wouldn’t help me at all. In the end, I now have paid for a package that I have never even seen and Asos isn’t willing to do anything about it.",1,2026-06-01 13:50:03+00:00,Trustpilot,package delivered house package delivery made mistake customer service wouldnt help end paid package never even seen asos isnt willing anything
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Wonderful company great clothes,Loved my dungarees great quality but to big! Had to return for smaller size which fit perfectly. What I am really impressed with is their customer service it was exemplary as several emails were exchanged due to refund/discount etc nothing was too much trouble so thank you Lucy & yak shining example how to treat customers 🥰,5,2026-06-01 12:27:09+00:00,Trustpilot,loved dungaree great quality big return smaller size fit perfectly really impressed customer service exemplary several email exchanged due refunddiscount etc nothing much trouble thank lucy yak shining example treat customer
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,BREAKING GDPR laws,BREAKING GDPR laws. I've requested to have my account deleted at the start of 2026! It is JUNE and it has not been deleted despite me constantly requesting this nonstop. Would not recommend this brand at all!,1,2026-06-01 11:28:09+00:00,Trustpilot,breaking gdpr law ive requested account deleted start june deleted despite constantly requesting nonstop would recommend brand
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Never again,"Never again! Who would have thought returning a faulty item would be so bureaucratic. It has been a month and I've only just received my refund now and they had the audacity to retain £2 for the returns process. Boohoo claimed they could not find the order against the order number issued by them? I honestly thought I was being scammed by email rather than chatting to a major online retailer. After sending emails upon emails, receiving links that do not work, to finally returning the item, I was receiving inconsistent advice about how the refund would be processed and had to prove postage by sending not only proof of postage but delivery as well, bizarre and not what you would expect from a seemingly successful retailer. The entire experience is a turn off and I will never be buying anything from them again. It made me wonder what kind of cowboy operation was running behind the scenes. It's also concerning that they are not following GDPR and had my information saved from 10 years ago, which became apparent when they were referencing old details",1,2026-06-01 09:40:13+00:00,Trustpilot,never would thought returning faulty item would bureaucratic month ive received refund audacity retain return process boohoo claimed could find order order number issued honestly thought scammed email rather chatting major online retailer sending email upon email receiving link work finally returning item receiving inconsistent advice refund would processed prove postage sending proof postage delivery well bizarre would expect seemingly successful retailer entire experience turn never buying anything made wonder kind cowboy operation running behind scene also concerning following gdpr information saved year ago became apparent referencing old detail
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Extremely Poor Customer Service and NO help for vulnerable people,"**Extremely Poor Customer Service – Still Unable to Return £400+ Worth of Items** I am extremely disappointed with the level of customer service I've received from Boohoo regarding a return worth over £400. I followed the return process and selected multiple items to return. Boohoo originally sent my order in several separate parcels, yet I was only provided with one return code. When I attempted to arrange the return, I was later informed that I would need separate return codes for separate parcels. However, there appears to be no way to cancel or amend the original return request, leaving me completely stuck. Despite contacting customer service multiple times, nobody has been able to resolve what should be a straightforward issue. The AI chat was unhelpful, and several customer service agents either failed to understand the problem or simply repeated that a return had already been created, despite me explaining multiple times that the issue was the inability to obtain the correct return labels. One response completely ignored the actual concern, and follow-up messages went unanswered. My biggest concern is that while I continue trying to get help, I could end up outside the returns timeframe through no fault of my own. I have the items packed and ready to send back, but I cannot do so because Boohoo has not provided a workable solution. As a long-standing customer, I expected far better support, particularly when trying to return such a significant order value. The lack of communication, ownership and urgency shown throughout this process has been incredibly frustrating. I would strongly urge Boohoo to improve its returns process and ensure customer service agents are empowered to resolve issues rather than sending customers in circles. I am heavily pregnant and about to be due on maternity leave so would be considered vulnerable under Consumer Duty and the Financial Ombudsman, something that boohoo doesn’t seem to be experienced in as I’ve been fobbed off at every communication possible. Feel so so let down and will not be shopping with them again unfortunately.",1,2026-05-31 20:30:05+00:00,Trustpilot,extremely poor customer service still unable return worth item extremely disappointed level customer service ive received boohoo regarding return worth followed return process selected multiple item return boohoo originally sent order several separate parcel yet provided one return code attempted arrange return later informed would need separate return code separate parcel however appears way cancel amend original return request leaving completely stuck despite contacting customer service multiple time nobody able resolve straightforward issue ai chat unhelpful several customer service agent either failed understand problem simply repeated return already created despite explaining multiple time issue inability obtain correct return label one response completely ignored actual concern followup message went unanswered biggest concern continue trying get help could end outside return timeframe fault item packed ready send back boohoo provided workable solution longstanding customer expected far better support particularly trying return significant order value lack communication ownership urgency shown throughout process incredibly frustrating would strongly urge boohoo improve return process ensure customer service agent empowered resolve issue rather sending customer circle heavily pregnant due maternity leave would considered vulnerable consumer duty financial ombudsman something boohoo doesnt seem experienced ive fobbed every communication possible feel let shopping unfortunately
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Absolutely useless service,"Absolutely useless service Placed an order - UK1128677257 Paid for next day delivery and it didnt arrive, spoke to BOOHOO who offered no assistance and clearly had no interest at all. I am now trying to arrange a return but their system states my order number does not exist. You honestly could not make it up. I will be raising a claim with my Bank in the morning.",1,2026-05-31 18:58:51+00:00,Trustpilot,absolutely useless service placed order uk paid next day delivery didnt arrive spoke boohoo offered assistance clearly interest trying arrange return system state order number exist honestly could make raising claim bank morning
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Awful experience,"Awful experience, each agent trying to get rid of you or pass you on to someone else by saying come back another day. Spoke with janap, did not do anything to help. Record of the conversation is there.  Managers waste your time and give you the same information. Don’t get no where, really frustrating",1,2026-05-31 17:56:11+00:00,Trustpilot,awful experience agent trying get rid pas someone else saying come back another day spoke janap anything help record conversation manager waste time give information dont get really frustrating
Missguided,Fast Fashion,I am extremely disappointed with…,"I am extremely disappointed with Misguided's customer service. I ordered three pairs of jeans, but none were suitable, so I returned all of them via recorded delivery. I have the tracking numbers and photographic proof showing that the parcel was successfully delivered to the company. Since then, I have contacted Misguided multiple times regarding my refund. Each time, I have been told that the refund has already been processed. However, I paid through PayPal and, after speaking directly with PayPal, they have confirmed that no refund has been received or issued to my account. Despite providing evidence that the return was delivered, l am still without my money and have been given conflicting information. This has been a very frustrating and time-consuming experience. I would advise anyone returning items to keep all proof of postage and delivery. I expect Misguided to investigate this properly and issue the refund that I am owed.",1,2026-05-31 16:49:21+00:00,Trustpilot,extremely disappointed misguideds customer service ordered three pair jean none suitable returned via recorded delivery tracking number photographic proof showing parcel successfully delivered company since contacted misguided multiple time regarding refund time told refund already processed however paid paypal speaking directly paypal confirmed refund received issued account despite providing evidence return delivered l still without money given conflicting information frustrating timeconsuming experience would advise anyone returning item keep proof postage delivery expect misguided investigate properly issue refund owed
ASOS,Fast Fashion,"Any defense on why I should continue to be a customer?"".","I don't know why this company is still in business with off-shooting their ""customer service"" to AI chatbox and Indian correspondents. No answers, accountability, or professionalism here. My package wasn't even shipped. They lied multiple times throughout the process and I have had to take the initiative at every turn. I have sat on the chatbox for over an hour asking for explanations about why my order wasn't fulfilled and shipped. They lied and said they shipped it and said it was coming. Royal Mail provided proof that said otherwise. I asked for a simply promo code, they offered 10% which was frankly offensive. Then after having me wait an additional 25 mins, they took away the promo code entirely and had no more details to give. They are hold over +£85 quid for a month (refund processing) with no information. Shout to Neel , Mazhar, Zaraah for provided no customer service. No answer to: ""Any defense on why I should continue to be a customer?"". They ended the chat providing no customer service.",1,2026-05-31 16:44:09+00:00,Trustpilot,dont know company still business offshooting customer service ai chatbox indian correspondent answer accountability professionalism package wasnt even shipped lied multiple time throughout process take initiative every turn sat chatbox hour asking explanation order wasnt fulfilled shipped lied said shipped said coming royal mail provided proof said otherwise asked simply promo code offered frankly offensive wait additional min took away promo code entirely detail give hold quid month refund processing information shout neel mazhar zaraah provided customer service answer defense continue customer ended chat providing customer service
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Cheap Chinese shit,Cheap Chinese shit. Terrible quality looks 110% fake. Material is really thin cheap nasty horrible.!! Do not order anything from Asos it looks 10/10 on the pictures makes you think its coming from the UK and its not. Another Chinese company scamming and conning people.,1,2026-05-31 15:54:52+00:00,Trustpilot,cheap chinese shit terrible quality look fake material really thin cheap nasty horrible order anything asos look picture make think coming uk another chinese company scamming conning people
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,DO NOT BUY from his company!!!,"DO NOT BUY from his company!!!!  They have sent me the wrong size on the last 2 dresses I’ve purchased and they charge me shipping and processing fees when I return them.  It’s their mistake and they still punish me.  I was told I could just return the dress, provide proof of purchase, and they would send out my correct size that I ordered.  I did all of this and they did not honor their word.  They reimbursed me the cost of the dress minus the shipping and processing fees.  I was told I didn’t need to worry about these fees from one customer service agent and then I never got to talk to this person again.  It’s been email after email after email with all different agents, I think they use chat bots to automatically respond and I can’t talk to a real person.  They take forever to get back to you.  I’ve been dealing with this for over a month now because they are not timely with responding.  If I could give them a negative 100 stars I would.  They will rip you off, do not shop on this website and give them your hard earned money.  HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE, and THEY ARE THIEVES THAT STEAL FROM YOU!!",1,2026-05-31 15:31:52+00:00,Trustpilot,buy company sent wrong size last dress ive purchased charge shipping processing fee return mistake still punish told could return dress provide proof purchase would send correct size ordered honor word reimbursed cost dress minus shipping processing fee told didnt need worry fee one customer service agent never got talk person email email email different agent think use chat bot automatically respond cant talk real person take forever get back ive dealing month timely responding could give negative star would rip shop website give hard earned money horrible customer service thief steal
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Won't be buying from here again,Won't be buying from here again! Some of the clothes I ordered are from Shein. Can't seem to make a return either so im stuck with the items. Don't bother!,1,2026-05-31 13:34:59+00:00,Trustpilot,wont buying clothes ordered shein cant seem make return either im stuck item dont bother
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Joke,I wished I’d looked here before purchasing two t shirts.  What a joke of an experience can’t use the gift card given as a cheaper refund.  Where’s the policing of this site. Avoid avoid avoid,1,2026-05-31 00:47:20+00:00,Trustpilot,wished id looked purchasing two shirt joke experience cant use gift card given cheaper refund wheres policing site avoid avoid avoid
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Worst experience ever.,"It would be Zero stars if this was an option... Very disappointed with my experience after using Boohoo for many years. After returning several items from my order, my refund was not handled correctly, and I ended up paying more than I should have for the items I kept. I also incurred a late payment fee as a result of the issues with my account due to their delays. What has been most frustrating is the way the matter has been handled. Resolving a straightforward refund issue has taken far more time and effort than it should have, and I have been left repeatedly chasing for answers rather than receiving clear, accurate support! As a long-standing customer, I expected much better. Unfortunately, this experience has completely eroded my confidence in the company, and as a result, you have lost a valued customer. There is a clear need for improvement in customer service, particularly when dealing with complaints and refund disputes. Customers deserve timely, knowledgeable, and personalised support from people who can properly investigate and resolve issues, rather than generic responses that fail to address the concerns being raised. I cannot recommend a company that handles customer issues in this way and hope serious improvements are made to prevent others from having a similar experience. However, reading other reviews this is clearly a standard way of working. Be better Boohoo.",1,2026-05-31 00:40:43+00:00,Trustpilot,would zero star option disappointed experience using boohoo many year returning several item order refund handled correctly ended paying item kept also incurred late payment fee result issue account due delay frustrating way matter handled resolving straightforward refund issue taken far time effort left repeatedly chasing answer rather receiving clear accurate support longstanding customer expected much better unfortunately experience completely eroded confidence company result lost valued customer clear need improvement customer service particularly dealing complaint refund dispute customer deserve timely knowledgeable personalised support people properly investigate resolve issue rather generic response fail address concern raised recommend company handle customer issue way hope serious improvement made prevent others similar experience however reading review clearly standard way working better boohoo
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Bought two items and paid for next day…,"Bought two items and paid for next day delivery, it said would be delivered between 11am and 13pm which was why I paid the extra. Still not arrived in fact the courier states two days delivery. Boohoo claim will be here by 9pm? Hardly next day and courier says might be tomorrow. Now going round the houses to get my delivery charge refunded.  Ooh now passed to another department. Guess what they are busy. They even admitted the information I was given was wrong!!!!",1,2026-05-30 16:38:02+00:00,Trustpilot,bought two item paid next day delivery said would delivered pm paid extra still arrived fact courier state two day delivery boohoo claim pm hardly next day courier say might tomorrow going round house get delivery charge refunded ooh passed another department guess busy even admitted information given wrong
ASOS,Fast Fashion,ASOS what happened?,"ASOS what happened? Used to be the best, Great clothes, Prices and Sales. Customer service second to none. For some AI has helped grow business. For ASOS it is your single biggest FAIL POINT> Get rid of your chatbot. I eventually gave up and chose to lose the £13.99 rather than spend another second trying to comminucate with something that has no brain, technically a glorified dictionary! Really dissapointed. I feel major companies should be forced to use a percentage of human customer service representatives. I gave 3 stars as i hope you take customer replies seriously and buck your ideas up!",3,2026-05-30 16:29:35+00:00,Trustpilot,asos happened used best great clothes price sale customer service second none ai helped grow business asos single biggest fail point get rid chatbot eventually gave chose lose rather spend another second trying comminucate something brain technically glorified dictionary really dissapointed feel major company forced use percentage human customer service representative gave star hope take customer reply seriously buck idea
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Easy ordering experience,Easy ordering experience. Good customer service. Could do with an account system to track and manage orders.,4,2026-05-30 15:13:03+00:00,Trustpilot,easy ordering experience good customer service could account system track manage order
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Total violation of consumer rights,"Extremely poor experience with ASOS. They sent the wrong product (women’s trainers when not advertised as such), and despite me returning the item using their approved process with full proof of posting and confirmed delivery to their warehouse, they have refused to issue a refund. Customer service has been unhelpful and evasive, no email address or phone number, only a chat service which quickly and repeatedly deflects the issue onto an “account mismatch” with Apple ID sign-in rather than addressing the actual order and return evidence. Communication is effectively non-existent beyond scripted chat responses, and my case was ultimately dropped without resolution. I now have no product, no refund, and no meaningful way to contact anyone who will take responsibility. For a major retailer, this level of service is unacceptable.",1,2026-05-30 14:32:03+00:00,Trustpilot,extremely poor experience asos sent wrong product womens trainer advertised despite returning item using approved process full proof posting confirmed delivery warehouse refused issue refund customer service unhelpful evasive email address phone number chat service quickly repeatedly deflects issue onto account mismatch apple id signin rather addressing actual order return evidence communication effectively nonexistent beyond scripted chat response case ultimately dropped without resolution product refund meaningful way contact anyone take responsibility major retailer level service unacceptable
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Such a horrible,Such a horrible costumer service. I have received an email saying that my premium has been extended till 31st of may but same time when I go into the buying something is saying that I don’t have premium and trying to charge me for the delivery. Did try to contact costumer services through the messages for good two weeks but they kept disappearing for few days and after coming back asking the same questions to send them screenshots. Seriously im sick and tired of it and just to let u know I will never pay yearly premium with you anymore. And also I would suggest that no one should be paying for this company as they are time wasters.,1,2026-05-30 13:00:54+00:00,Trustpilot,horrible costumer service received email saying premium extended till st may time go buying something saying dont premium trying charge delivery try contact costumer service message good two week kept disappearing day coming back asking question send screenshots seriously im sick tired let u know never pay yearly premium anymore also would suggest one paying company time waster
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Absolute terrible customer service,"Absolute terrible customer service. Quick enough to take your money but don't respond when you have an issue. I have an issue with my account which they cant resolved therefore I am due a refund which they are not dealing with. I keep getting a message on customer service saying they are busy, I have received the same message all week",1,2026-05-30 11:33:35+00:00,Trustpilot,absolute terrible customer service quick enough take money dont respond issue issue account cant resolved therefore due refund dealing keep getting message customer service saying busy received message week
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Trying to return a dress that doesn’t…,"Trying to return a dress that doesn’t fit, and the return process is a nightmare. The system asks for my address to find a drop-off location, but every address I enter comes back with “No locations found.” So how exactly am I supposed to return this item? Customer returns shouldn’t be this complicated.",1,2026-05-30 05:36:39+00:00,Trustpilot,trying return dress doesnt fit return process nightmare system asks address find dropoff location every address enter come back location found exactly supposed return item customer return shouldnt complicated
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Probably the worst customer service,"Probably the worst customer service, i’m waiting for a refund for an order i sent back a month ago, i’ve got in contact with them but i never get to speak to a person it’s only that horrible ai bot,",1,2026-05-30 05:02:24+00:00,Trustpilot,probably worst customer service im waiting refund order sent back month ago ive got contact never get speak person horrible ai bot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Paid for premium next day delivery and…,Paid for premium next day delivery and waited 13 days for my package. Spoke to customer service who were no help.,1,2026-05-29 22:30:04+00:00,Trustpilot,paid premium next day delivery waited day package spoke customer service help
ASOS,Fast Fashion,"This company is rubbish, do not use.","This company is rubbish, do not use. I ordered a prom dress for my daughter, 14 days later when I make enquiries they stated that it has not left the warehouse. I got a refund and will be taking my money elsewhere.",1,2026-05-29 22:05:09+00:00,Trustpilot,company rubbish use ordered prom dress daughter day later make enquiry stated left warehouse got refund taking money elsewhere
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Don’t pay for Premier next day delivery,"I pay for Premier next day delivery. The last few orders have either not arrived or been over a week late. If you complain ASOS won’t do anything until the order has eventually arrived and then you are allowed to return it. I’ve ordered a dress for a wedding and shoes to go on holiday. Both time sensitive. ASOS doesn’t care. The AI bot can’t cope. They put you through to an agent, who doesn’t respond….",1,2026-05-29 21:59:55+00:00,Trustpilot,pay premier next day delivery last order either arrived week late complain asos wont anything order eventually arrived allowed return ive ordered dress wedding shoe go holiday time sensitive asos doesnt care ai bot cant cope put agent doesnt respond
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Great company.,Great company. Usually go out of their way to help. Comfort Club is a big plus.,5,2026-05-29 20:18:24+00:00,Trustpilot,great company usually go way help comfort club big plus
Primark,Fast Fashion,Will not buy anything from primark…,"Will not buy anything from primark again. Everything became rubbish quality. Bought recently a duvet, it has such a bad petrol smell it doesn't disappear after airing outside. New pyjamas gone to charity terrible seams and stitching. Won't even bother to go inside any primark again.",1,2026-05-29 20:16:01+00:00,Trustpilot,buy anything primark everything became rubbish quality bought recently duvet bad petrol smell doesnt disappear airing outside new pyjama gone charity terrible seam stitching wont even bother go inside primark
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Do not pay next days delivery,I bought a chest of drawers from Debenhams website sold by boohoo and it didn’t come next day even though I paid extra ! Opened a dispute with clear pay for a refund as the customer service is shocking,1,2026-05-29 17:43:43+00:00,Trustpilot,bought chest drawer debenhams website sold boohoo didnt come next day even though paid extra opened dispute clear pay refund customer service shocking
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Scammed by boohoo -,"Ordered 2 items that arrived incredibly late, despite regular updates saying it was on its way. Returned one of the items (a denim bandeau jumpsuit worth £41.25) within a few days of receiving as it was too big. Waited a couple of weeks for the refund and was told to wait longer. Contacted them again today only to be told that’s now it’s been over a month they are keeping the money and returned item. How is this even legal? Awful. This is the first time I’ve ever returned an item to them.",1,2026-05-29 14:17:16+00:00,Trustpilot,ordered item arrived incredibly late despite regular update saying way returned one item denim bandeau jumpsuit worth within day receiving big waited couple week refund told wait longer contacted today told thats month keeping money returned item even legal awful first time ive ever returned item
Missguided,Fast Fashion,If i could rate less than one star I…,If i could rate less than one star I would don't waste your time and money placed order for two items didn't even arrive. Contacted them said they will let me know when they ship it out 2 weeks now and 3 emails later no response. Will be contacting my bank to issue a refund. Clothes look nice on the website so you feel inticed to buy but not worth the stress ... I needed the item for an event had to order something else. God knows where they are getting there clothes from it can't take that long to ship out an item!!!,1,2026-05-29 14:16:22+00:00,Trustpilot,could rate less one star would dont waste time money placed order two item didnt even arrive contacted said let know ship week email later response contacting bank issue refund clothes look nice website feel inticed buy worth stress needed item event order something else god know getting clothes cant take long ship item
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Why is it that I paid for next day…,"Why is it that I paid for next day delivery and 3 days later im still waiting.  Not happy and it will be returned if I receive it. Evri who you use is definitely not up to the task, I suggest you use another company. At this point im not even interested in my order cause I needed days ago. So do better and I could do with a postage refund. Didn't get what I paid for.",1,2026-05-29 14:07:54+00:00,Trustpilot,paid next day delivery day later im still waiting happy returned receive evri use definitely task suggest use another company point im even interested order cause needed day ago better could postage refund didnt get paid
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Excellent T Shirts,"7 x Oversize Ts. Lovely to wear out of the pack. Kept one for reference and 3 washes in there's almost no shrink to others. Excellent quality, comfortable. Appear v durable. Small label does curl but is v easy to cut off. Going back for 7 more. Website simple, delivery as expected and packaging sensible.",5,2026-05-29 14:04:25+00:00,Trustpilot,x oversize t lovely wear pack kept one reference wash there almost shrink others excellent quality comfortable appear v durable small label curl v easy cut going back website simple delivery expected packaging sensible
ASOS,Fast Fashion,ASOS is THE WORST for returning,"ASOS is THE WORST for returning packages. I wanted to return my package, ASOS sent me a QR code for Mondial Relay cause that’s the only carrier they want to use, i went all the way to a different city for a Mondial Relay point, just to hear that my parcel is too heavy as ASOS had given me a QR code for a parcel under 1 kg. So, i had to go back home, contact ASOS again, after a long wait they finally told me i had to split my parcel into three different parcels, they gave me three different QR codes for this. So, i went back to the Mondial Relay point, showed the three QR codes, just to hear that one of the QR codes is for a completely different person! They gave me a QR code of a woman from the Netherlands! I have no idea how this is possible, but either way, i had to AGAIN contact ASOS and ask for a new QR code. I’m currently still waiting for that one and losing my patience. Never order here.",1,2026-05-29 13:14:58+00:00,Trustpilot,asos worst returning package wanted return package asos sent qr code mondial relay cause thats carrier want use went way different city mondial relay point hear parcel heavy asos given qr code parcel kg go back home contact asos long wait finally told split parcel three different parcel gave three different qr code went back mondial relay point showed three qr code hear one qr code completely different person gave qr code woman netherlands idea possible either way contact asos ask new qr code im currently still waiting one losing patience never order
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Won’t shop here again!,The tracking and order was unorganised and unprofessional. When I finally received my purchase it didn’t fit even though the sizing for that product matched my measurements. So I returned it for another size which wasn’t easy I had to order the new product separately as they don’t do exchanges I got a refund which was a lot less than what I paid. I am mostly happy with the product I have now except that it has a lot of creases and because of the material I am unable to iron it. Definitely won’t be using this website again!,1,2026-05-29 13:05:12+00:00,Trustpilot,tracking order unorganised unprofessional finally received purchase didnt fit even though sizing product matched measurement returned another size wasnt easy order new product separately dont exchange got refund lot less paid mostly happy product except lot crease material unable iron definitely wont using website
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Stay away from them they steal your…,Stay away from them they steal your money product never arrived because they use multiple logistic so you can’t keep track tell you stories what a Scam this is Australia what a joke,1,2026-05-29 12:39:02+00:00,Trustpilot,stay away steal money product never arrived use multiple logistic cant keep track tell story scam australia joke
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Good quality clothing,"Good quality clothing, reasonable pricing and excellent customer service.",5,2026-05-29 10:30:34+00:00,Trustpilot,good quality clothing reasonable pricing excellent customer service
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,,Kai has been very helpful trying to locate my order.Unfortunately it hasn’t arrived and most likely lost.,2,2026-05-29 07:42:47+00:00,Trustpilot,kai helpful trying locate orderunfortunately hasnt arrived likely lost
Missguided,Fast Fashion,SCAMMERS! Strongly advise you to AVOID!!!,"AVOID!! Please be aware that 99% of positive reviews for Missguided are PRE their Shein takeover in Oct 2023. It has now changed hands and is not the same. Now, if you need to return anything, it will be a nightmare. I am still waiting for a refund despite returning the items at my own expense via a tracked, signed-for service. They tried to tell me they issued my refund on 9th May 2026. PayPal said no, they did not!! This whole experience has left me feeling completely scammed! Absolute LIARS, this is so dishonest of them. How they get away with this, I do not know.",1,2026-05-29 05:09:53+00:00,Trustpilot,avoid please aware positive review missguided pre shein takeover oct changed hand need return anything nightmare still waiting refund despite returning item expense via tracked signedfor service tried tell issued refund th may paypal said whole experience left feeling completely scammed absolute liar dishonest get away know
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Amazing company,"Amazing company, so glad I have found. Purchased some new t-shirts firstly and they are so soft and fit so well. Lovely colours too. I then ordered a jacket (which I had to get sent back to them to post back to a different address as I posted to a friends), they very kindly posted it back to me first class! Can’t wait for my jacket and will keep buying from here",5,2026-05-28 23:48:37+00:00,Trustpilot,amazing company glad found purchased new tshirts firstly soft fit well lovely colour ordered jacket get sent back post back different address posted friend kindly posted back first class cant wait jacket keep buying
ASOS,Fast Fashion,I've been an Asos customer for years…,"I've been an Asos customer for years now. I order from them monthly but support and customer services is going more and more downhill. I ordered over £100 in sunscreen for my upcoming holiday, I'm a Premier customer. 2 of the 7 items I ordered arrived,  the box was fully ripped apart. Asos agreed to replace but not by next day delivery as 'it's a replacement'. Yes....not because an issue of mine but of their couriers. 2 hours of chats between me and Asos with no apology or resolution. Too many good companies out there so no need to continue with these tools.",1,2026-05-28 23:23:36+00:00,Trustpilot,ive asos customer year order monthly support customer service going downhill ordered sunscreen upcoming holiday im premier customer item ordered arrived box fully ripped apart asos agreed replace next day delivery replacement yesnot issue mine courier hour chat asos apology resolution many good company need continue tool
ASOS,Fast Fashion,"A loyal customer for over a decade, but this was my last order.","I used to love ASOS but they're a joke now. I created a return May 18th, the received it May 23rd but on live chat said the refund won't be processed until June 2nd and takes 10 days so will be received June 12th - almost a month after sending!! I quoted consumer rights where it stated refunds should be within 14 days of receipt. They said it's automatic and can't be overridden but after sticking to my guns it was suddenly refunded while on chat. They also penalise you for making returns now and remove premier if too many returns. Far too difficult to shop with, with so much other competition out there. Also no more birthday discounts. I think this order will be my last.",1,2026-05-28 22:16:38+00:00,Trustpilot,used love asos theyre joke created return may th received may rd live chat said refund wont processed june nd take day received june th almost month sending quoted consumer right stated refund within day receipt said automatic cant overridden sticking gun suddenly refunded chat also penalise making return remove premier many return far difficult shop much competition also birthday discount think order last
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Absolutely shocking.,"Absolutely shocking.. returned goods on 09/04, contacted regarding not receiving a refund 04/05…proof of return provided been ongoing and now they are stating that as the return was over a month ago they are unable to assist further This is common theft! DO NOT TRUST BOOHOO or FASHION SZN.. absolutely disgraceful",1,2026-05-28 19:56:41+00:00,Trustpilot,absolutely shocking returned good contacted regarding receiving refund proof return provided ongoing stating return month ago unable assist common theft trust boohoo fashion szn absolutely disgraceful
ASOS,Fast Fashion,I purchased a pair of Nike trainers for…,"I purchased a pair of Nike trainers for my wife … a very long story short, after the stated “return period “ they still hadn’t “worn in” ie they were so tight on the bridge of the foot , they caused pins and needles . I liased with Nike and was told, as my payment was made to ASOS I would need to liaise with them .  As soon as I spoke to ASOS they obviously “chat gpt’d” a response stating my wife should wear thicker socks or remove the insoles… the trainers , in absolutely mint condition- yes ASOS required photo evidence basically were and are not fit for purpose so I stated this again to ASOS and guess what ??? No reply , no response, not interested…. ASOS, you are happy to take my money , ASOS you are selling items unfit for purpose and you cannot be bothered to support the people that pay your wages …. Look at the feedback - enough said.",1,2026-05-28 18:59:30+00:00,Trustpilot,purchased pair nike trainer wife long story short stated return period still hadnt worn ie tight bridge foot caused pin needle liased nike told payment made asos would need liaise soon spoke asos obviously chat gptd response stating wife wear thicker sock remove insole trainer absolutely mint condition yes asos required photo evidence basically fit purpose stated asos guess reply response interested asos happy take money asos selling item unfit purpose bothered support people pay wage look feedback enough said
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,One star too many!,One star too many! Massive communication issues. My returns parcel was sent back to me instead of being delivered to BooHoo. I have tried for a week now to contact them to resolve the issue and I feel I am being ignored. In the meantime my payment of £100 is due to leave my account for items I am desperate to return. They are uninterested and extremely unhelpful when you eventually get a reply via their email service. Their online chat service is even worse! I will never shop there again. I still await my refund.,1,2026-05-28 16:32:48+00:00,Trustpilot,one star many massive communication issue return parcel sent back instead delivered boohoo tried week contact resolve issue feel ignored meantime payment due leave account item desperate return uninterested extremely unhelpful eventually get reply via email service online chat service even worse never shop still await refund
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Let’s stop editing the colour of items in photo !????,This is the second time I have bought an item from asos in pastel pink and it’s arrived looking nothing like the colour at all … can’t wait for the 2-5 business months to get my return refund!,1,2026-05-28 14:17:53+00:00,Trustpilot,second time bought item asos pastel pink arrived looking nothing like colour cant wait business month get return refund
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Shocking customer service 3.5 hours for a returns label,"3.5 hours over 2 days and multiple chats cut off to get a returns label they should have sent me in the first place. When I asked to log a formal complaint I was told I could not but a note has been made, when I asked for compensation I was told nothing can be done and when I asked to speak to a manager I was told that they would just tell me the same thing. I don’t know how they get away with it?",1,2026-05-28 12:28:41+00:00,Trustpilot,hour day multiple chat cut get return label sent first place asked log formal complaint told could note made asked compensation told nothing done asked speak manager told would tell thing dont know get away
ASOS,Fast Fashion,ASOS Expects Customers to Monitor Return Percentages Without Providing Transparency,"ASOS’s new Fair Use Policy has completely changed the way I shop on their site. I’m currently sitting at a 60% return rate and now feel anxious every time I place an order because I don’t know whether returning genuine sizing or fit issues could push me over the 70% threshold and affect my ability to renew Premier. What frustrates me most is that the return rate is calculated over a rolling 12 months, even though this stricter policy only came into effect in February while my Premier membership started before that under completely different shopping expectations. If customers had been reset to zero when the policy changed, I would have adjusted the way I shop much earlier. Instead, it feels like previous shopping behaviour is now being judged under a stricter system that didn’t exist at the time. Online fashion shopping already involves guesswork. Different brands size differently, items don’t always look the same in person as they do online, and as someone tall and between sizes, returns are sometimes unavoidable. The biggest issue for me is transparency. Customers are told to “monitor their return rate carefully”, but ASOS would not provide me with a proper account-specific breakdown showing exactly how my percentage had been calculated. As a result, I now feel like I have to significantly reduce shopping with ASOS altogether to avoid being penalised. I understand retailers need to manage excessive returns, but the way this has been introduced has completely changed my confidence in shopping with ASOS and no longer feels like a relaxed shopping experience.",1,2026-05-28 12:13:33+00:00,Trustpilot,asoss new fair use policy completely changed way shop site im currently sitting return rate feel anxious every time place order dont know whether returning genuine sizing fit issue could push threshold affect ability renew premier frustrates return rate calculated rolling month even though stricter policy came effect february premier membership started completely different shopping expectation customer reset zero policy changed would adjusted way shop much earlier instead feel like previous shopping behaviour judged stricter system didnt exist time online fashion shopping already involves guesswork different brand size differently item dont always look person online someone tall size return sometimes unavoidable biggest issue transparency customer told monitor return rate carefully asos would provide proper accountspecific breakdown showing exactly percentage calculated result feel like significantly reduce shopping asos altogether avoid penalised understand retailer need manage excessive return way introduced completely changed confidence shopping asos longer feel like relaxed shopping experience
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Avoid this company,"The clothes are poor quality, do not expect a refund for a return anytime fast (you also pay for returns which is even more of a joke) and same automated messages sent over and over with absolutely no help. Avoid, avoid, avoid.",1,2026-05-28 11:22:59+00:00,Trustpilot,clothes poor quality expect refund return anytime fast also pay return even joke automated message sent absolutely help avoid avoid avoid
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Exemplary customer care,Excellent response from Teemills team when I queried the predicted delivery date. Top customer care as ever,5,2026-05-28 11:17:50+00:00,Trustpilot,excellent response teemills team queried predicted delivery date top customer care ever
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Probably the worst company Ive ordered…,"Probably the worst company Ive ordered from ! Late delivery times, damaged products ! Poor customer service!",1,2026-05-28 10:36:43+00:00,Trustpilot,probably worst company ive ordered late delivery time damaged product poor customer service
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,If I could give it 0 stars I would,"If I could give it 0 stars I would. I have been waiting for a refund onto a giftcard since FEBRUARY. I have spoken to around 7 different people telling me there has been an “issue” but has now been resolved. Which is a bare faced lie It has gotten to a point where I have no other choice but to report it to trading standards, they are lying about trying to refund me and they are lying about even trying to resolve the issue. It is very clear they are keeping my money from in the hope that I will give up but I will not for the sheer principle of it. I wouldn’t mind but I didn’t even want my original order refunded onto a giftcard, another joke this company has implemented. GIVE ME MY MONEY BACK!!!!!!! If it wasn’t for the money sat on this giftcard I would never give this company a penny of my money again. Boohoo must be haemorrhaging money based on all the reviews of them trying to keep money from customers ie STEALING",1,2026-05-28 09:43:15+00:00,Trustpilot,could give star would waiting refund onto giftcard since february spoken around different people telling issue resolved bare faced lie gotten point choice report trading standard lying trying refund lying even trying resolve issue clear keeping money hope give sheer principle wouldnt mind didnt even want original order refunded onto giftcard another joke company implemented give money back wasnt money sat giftcard would never give company penny money boohoo must haemorrhaging money based review trying keep money customer ie stealing
ASOS,Fast Fashion,,"Slow delivery, slow support, inconvenient exchange options, feel like I have wasted my time. At least the parcel was received.",2,2026-05-28 02:03:55+00:00,Trustpilot,slow delivery slow support inconvenient exchange option feel like wasted time least parcel received
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Wrong item + No follow-up,"I had ordered a specific type of skirt and paid for delivery with DHL. Got the item surprisingly fast- however the item I got wasn't what I had ordered at all. The skirt they sent me had the same colour as the one I had ordered, and on the tag was written the name of the product I had actually ordered. Obviously I did not get what I ordered or else I would not be writing here. It was hard to contact their customer service but I eventually got through with email. The person I talked to was surprisingly very fast with his responses and confirmed the mistake they had done. I was informed that their ""specialist team"" would contact me ""soon"" to take a closer look at my case and help me. It's been 17 days now and no ""specialist team"" has contacted/reached out to me. I contacted them yesterday and told them that no one had contacted me and that I wanted a refund. Unsurprisingly I didn't get any response. I've bought boohoo clothes second hand and they've always been great so I decided to try and buy directly from them. A big mistake that was. I will never order from them again and just continue shopping second hand. I had high expectations of this company and now I am just disappointed and stuck with an item I did not order.",1,2026-05-28 00:26:23+00:00,Trustpilot,ordered specific type skirt paid delivery dhl got item surprisingly fast however item got wasnt ordered skirt sent colour one ordered tag written name product actually ordered obviously get ordered else would writing hard contact customer service eventually got email person talked surprisingly fast response confirmed mistake done informed specialist team would contact soon take closer look case help day specialist team contactedreached contacted yesterday told one contacted wanted refund unsurprisingly didnt get response ive bought boohoo clothes second hand theyve always great decided try buy directly big mistake never order continue shopping second hand high expectation company disappointed stuck item order
Missguided,Fast Fashion,I won’t use this website again,"I won’t use this website again. The customer service is pretty much non existent. No one gets back to email enquiries. I purchased 3 items in October 2025, it is now May 2026 and 1 of the items I returned (kept other 2) was never refunded and no one is interested in responding to help with the refund. I would avoid unless you are certain you will keep all items you are ordering.",1,2026-05-27 22:37:37+00:00,Trustpilot,wont use website customer service pretty much non existent one get back email enquiry purchased item october may item returned kept never refunded one interested responding help refund would avoid unless certain keep item ordering
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Voucher policy is a fraud,"ASOS’s voucher policy, which locks store credit to the exact region where it was issued, feels like a scam. It’s an artificial limitation with no real logic behind it, other than making it impossible for customers from Russia to use their funds after the war started. Four years later, my store credit is still frozen, with an expiration date and no practical way to use it, even though I now live in Europe. Shameful. Never again.",1,2026-05-27 22:28:14+00:00,Trustpilot,asoss voucher policy lock store credit exact region issued feel like scam artificial limitation real logic behind making impossible customer russia use fund war started four year later store credit still frozen expiration date practical way use even though live europe shameful never
ASOS,Fast Fashion,"BEAUTIFUL DRESS, HOWEVER ARRIVED WORN.","I love the dress. It is beautiful. The shoulder style is standout. The colour is perfect for me/ my style. The price was reasonable. However, I was so very disappointed to receive a dress that smelt of BO under one armpit and of someone else’s perfume. There were no labels attached. I contacted customer care and was offered an exchange. However, I know that the return would not have been accepted due to signs of wear and no labels. I was offered 20% off my next purchase. I would have accepted a compensation partial refund. A 20% off next purchase I advised to be of no use as I would not reorder based on receiving a non new item. I believe all customers should receive a new item. I believe if reasonable concern raised, then a reasonable offer could/ should be made. Disappointed in ASOS’s response.",1,2026-05-27 22:06:31+00:00,Trustpilot,love dress beautiful shoulder style standout colour perfect style price reasonable however disappointed receive dress smelt bo one armpit someone elses perfume label attached contacted customer care offered exchange however know return would accepted due sign wear label offered next purchase would accepted compensation partial refund next purchase advised use would reorder based receiving non new item believe customer receive new item believe reasonable concern raised reasonable offer could made disappointed asoss response
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,They are a shambles,"The most awful customer service. Took 6 weeks to get my refund on my return, in the end had to take it through Resolver. The customer service department is a shambles.",1,2026-05-27 21:09:04+00:00,Trustpilot,awful customer service took week get refund return end take resolver customer service department shamble
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Extremely disappointed with Boohoo’s…,"Extremely disappointed with Boohoo’s delivery service—especially their decision to use Evri. What should have been a simple, straightforward delivery turned into a stressful and time-wasting experience. I was given inaccurate tracking updates, told to expect my parcel on a specific day, and ended up waiting around for nothing. No delivery, no proper explanation, and no accountability. It’s beyond frustrating when you plan your day around a delivery that never arrives. What makes it worse is that Boohoo continues to rely on a courier with such a poor reputation for reliability. As a customer, you’re left stuck between two companies, both pointing fingers and neither taking responsibility. This experience has completely put me off ordering again. If Boohoo wants to keep customers, they seriously need to reconsider who they trust with their deliveries—because right now, it’s just not good enough.",1,2026-05-27 20:15:30+00:00,Trustpilot,extremely disappointed boohoos delivery serviceespecially decision use evri simple straightforward delivery turned stressful timewasting experience given inaccurate tracking update told expect parcel specific day ended waiting around nothing delivery proper explanation accountability beyond frustrating plan day around delivery never arrives make worse boohoo continues rely courier poor reputation reliability customer youre left stuck two company pointing finger neither taking responsibility experience completely put ordering boohoo want keep customer seriously need reconsider trust deliveriesbecause right good enough
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Horrible,"Horrible, horrible service. I purchased a pair of shoes that never arrived. Even though the ASOS team told me they were on the way, they never even left the warehouse. I then finally made a return for the shoes, and waited the 10 days for the money to return to my account. I still haven’t gotten my money back, and ASOS just keep telling me to wait. It feels like they stole from me and won’t give it back. I am never using ASOS again.",1,2026-05-27 19:07:42+00:00,Trustpilot,horrible horrible service purchased pair shoe never arrived even though asos team told way never even left warehouse finally made return shoe waited day money return account still havent gotten money back asos keep telling wait feel like stole wont give back never using asos
ASOS,Fast Fashion,ASOS customer support has been one of…,"ASOS customer support has been one of the most frustrating experiences I’ve had with online shopping. My parcel stopped moving on May 22 and neither ASOS nor Venipak have been able to clearly confirm where it actually is. For days I have been contacting support and instead of receiving real help, I keep getting repetitive template responses, changing deadlines, and requests to “wait a little longer”. First I was told May 27 was the final delivery deadline according to ASOS policy. Then suddenly the date changed to June 2 without any proper explanation. What is most disappointing is that due to all the delays and lack of action, the parcel will now miss the occasion it was originally ordered for. I understand delays can happen, but the lack of transparency, accountability, and actual problem solving has been extremely disappointing.",1,2026-05-27 18:49:31+00:00,Trustpilot,asos customer support one frustrating experience ive online shopping parcel stopped moving may neither asos venipak able clearly confirm actually day contacting support instead receiving real help keep getting repetitive template response changing deadline request wait little longer first told may final delivery deadline according asos policy suddenly date changed june without proper explanation disappointing due delay lack action parcel miss occasion originally ordered understand delay happen lack transparency accountability actual problem solving extremely disappointing
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Paid for premium next day delivery,Paid for premium next day delivery. Three days later still don’t have my order. I’m going on holiday hence paid for next day delivery. Frustrating as the policy in regards to premium next day delivery is very unclear.,1,2026-05-27 17:58:06+00:00,Trustpilot,paid premium next day delivery three day later still dont order im going holiday hence paid next day delivery frustrating policy regard premium next day delivery unclear
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Do not buy from Boohoo,"Do not buy from Boohoo. Awful customer service. Returned an item that did not fit me, asked for a voucher as you get more money than a cash refund. Voucher did not work, then customer service said it was expired. Even though the voucher never worked in the first place. Took my money, absolute scammers. Worst customer service too, take ages to reply, don’t reply or all tell you the same thing. Avoid.",1,2026-05-27 17:42:59+00:00,Trustpilot,buy boohoo awful customer service returned item fit asked voucher get money cash refund voucher work customer service said expired even though voucher never worked first place took money absolute scammer worst customer service take age reply dont reply tell thing avoid
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,I am beyond frustrated with this…,"I am beyond frustrated with this company I send an item back weeks ago and I opted gift card. I have been going round in circles with the on the iMessage chat, they keep telling me they will resolve it the end the chat. This has now been going on a week. I am very unhappy with the service and will be raising a formal complaint with this company. Don’t waste your time buying from here as they dont give your refund by gift card!!",1,2026-05-27 16:48:04+00:00,Trustpilot,beyond frustrated company send item back week ago opted gift card going round circle imessage chat keep telling resolve end chat going week unhappy service raising formal complaint company dont waste time buying dont give refund gift card
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Awful customer service,"I have been trying to get a refund for something for over a month now. Every time I chat with them it’s either the chatbot or a really unhelpful agent who doesn’t really seem to care. They have no email address to reach out to or a phone number. I will never order from them again, nightmare.",1,2026-05-27 16:28:27+00:00,Trustpilot,trying get refund something month every time chat either chatbot really unhelpful agent doesnt really seem care email address reach phone number never order nightmare
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Deliver to the wrong address and steal your money,"My parcel was delivered to the wrong address, when I finally got it one month later they refused to let me return it as it was outside of the timeframe. I explained to them that I didn’t actually receive it until a month after the delivery date, and the assistant refused to help at all.",1,2026-05-27 14:40:30+00:00,Trustpilot,parcel delivered wrong address finally got one month later refused let return outside timeframe explained didnt actually receive month delivery date assistant refused help
ASOS,Fast Fashion,if I could put 0 stars I would,"if I could put 0 stars I would, shocking experience, processing and delivery using a SNAIL would be quicker and AI everywhere, will never use them again a total waste of my time, an awful shopping experience and they are not the cheapest so no point dealing with them, just regret it!",1,2026-05-27 14:33:12+00:00,Trustpilot,could put star would shocking experience processing delivery using snail would quicker ai everywhere never use total waste time awful shopping experience cheapest point dealing regret
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Really pleased - great quality.,"I ordered a pair of women's joggers shorts. Lovely fit and great quality and I'm going to get so much wear out of them. I also ordered a multipack of kids tshirts. I had to exchange for a different size, which was really easy. My son loves the fit and design. So nice to find boys tshirts that are colourful and not gaming related, unlike on the high street!",5,2026-05-27 14:06:01+00:00,Trustpilot,ordered pair womens jogger short lovely fit great quality im going get much wear also ordered multipack kid tshirts exchange different size really easy son love fit design nice find boy tshirts colourful gaming related unlike high street
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Rip off,Their next day delivery time line is an absolute joke.,1,2026-05-27 14:01:28+00:00,Trustpilot,next day delivery time line absolute joke
ASOS,Fast Fashion,terrible customer experience,"Ordered my partner some shoes for he birthday they strap broke on them after about half an hour's use. I requested a return stating the fact that they had broken. Week later I received an email that the return was rejected as it's not in original condition, of course it's not it's broken. Over an hour on chat with multiple agents and a daft chat bot. When asked for a phone number ASOS don't offer that so what could have been a 5 minute call took over an hour of my time on their mess up. Avoid like the plague.",1,2026-05-27 13:19:42+00:00,Trustpilot,ordered partner shoe birthday strap broke half hour use requested return stating fact broken week later received email return rejected original condition course broken hour chat multiple agent daft chat bot asked phone number asos dont offer could minute call took hour time mess avoid like plague
ASOS,Fast Fashion,ASOS fails at inclusion,"This isn't just an ASOS problem. It's a problem across much of the UK fashion industry. But ASOS is a perfect example. ASOS sells thousands of men's clothing items. If you're a 28-inch waist, 30-inch waist, or need larger sizes all the way up to XXXXL and beyond, you'll find endless options. Entire pages of them. But if you're a naturally slim man with a 26 or 27-inch waist? Good luck. ASOS doesn't seem to sell shorts in my size at all.  Heck the jeans are very rare.  And everything else? Smart wear?  Well you can dream on.. thats never happening.. for some bizarre reason... Not one page. Not a small selection. Not even a handful of options hidden away somewhere. Just an endless wall of clothing that starts one or two sizes above where some of us actually exist. What I don't understand is why the industry treats smaller men's sizes as if they're some kind of mythical creature. Being short and slim isn't unusual. There are plenty of men with smaller frames, yet retailers act as though anyone below a 28-inch waist simply doesn't need clothes. The irony is that fashion brands rightly work hard to provide inclusive sizing at the larger end of the spectrum, but inclusivity seems to stop the moment you're a slimmer guy. Apparently it's completely normal to stock every size upwards, but not the sizes below. I genuinely don't understand the logic. Why am I unable to buy clothes that fit me from one of the UK's biggest clothing retailers? Why is having a healthy, slim build treated like an edge case? I'd love to buy your products. You just don't seem interested in selling them to people my size.",1,2026-05-27 12:44:37+00:00,Trustpilot,isnt asos problem problem across much uk fashion industry asos perfect example asos sell thousand men clothing item youre inch waist inch waist need larger size way xxxxl beyond youll find endless option entire page youre naturally slim man inch waist good luck asos doesnt seem sell short size heck jean rare everything else smart wear well dream thats never happening bizarre reason one page small selection even handful option hidden away somewhere endless wall clothing start one two size u actually exist dont understand industry treat smaller men size theyre kind mythical creature short slim isnt unusual plenty men smaller frame yet retailer act though anyone inch waist simply doesnt need clothes irony fashion brand rightly work hard provide inclusive sizing larger end spectrum inclusivity seems stop moment youre slimmer guy apparently completely normal stock every size upwards size genuinely dont understand logic unable buy clothes fit one uk biggest clothing retailer healthy slim build treated like edge case id love buy product dont seem interested selling people size
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,I discovered Lucy & Yak purely by…,"I discovered Lucy & Yak purely by chance.  I bought a pair of dungarees and wondered if I'd suit them etc being 64+. I absolutely love them. Worn them once and have had huge compliments.  They are so stylish, comfortable,  trendy, I could go on. Love them.   The ease of ordering and receiving was fine for me. No issues at.  Will definitely purchase another pair. I also like the story behind the company too.",5,2026-05-27 12:39:04+00:00,Trustpilot,discovered lucy yak purely chance bought pair dungaree wondered id suit etc absolutely love worn huge compliment stylish comfortable trendy could go love ease ordering receiving fine issue definitely purchase another pair also like story behind company
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,excellent customer service,excellent customer service. when my order was lost in transit they quickly sent replacements.,5,2026-05-27 10:41:28+00:00,Trustpilot,excellent customer service order lost transit quickly sent replacement
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Absolutely terrible service.,"Absolutely terrible service. Why an earth they would switch to Relay - a delivery company that is notoriously just a giant scam - is beyond me. The amount of negative reviews here based on having postage delays and they didn’t think to switch couriers? Have had a parcel that I paid next day delivery on just never be delivered. Every day they say they’re redelivering and every day no one shows up. Meanwhile the customer service is abysmal, impossible to get through to a real person and when you do it’s still impossible because the policies are ridiculous and they’ve outsourced customer service to non native english  speakers. They’ve been a huge online retailer for years and it seems crazy to me that they have a scam delivery company and unusable customer service just as a way to cut costs. Surely it’s lost them more money than it’s gained them with the amount of complaints I’m seeing? Whatever, never again. And I still want my £80 back.",1,2026-05-27 10:23:12+00:00,Trustpilot,absolutely terrible service earth would switch relay delivery company notoriously giant scam beyond amount negative review based postage delay didnt think switch courier parcel paid next day delivery never delivered every day say theyre redelivering every day one show meanwhile customer service abysmal impossible get real person still impossible policy ridiculous theyve outsourced customer service non native english speaker theyve huge online retailer year seems crazy scam delivery company unusable customer service way cut cost surely lost money gained amount complaint im seeing whatever never still want back
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Admirable company ethos but need to improve the customer service,This company deserves praise for selling organic clothing at a reasonable price point. However the quality has gone down a bit. I bought some plain cotton t shirts here last year by Stella/Stanley which were superb. I’ve gone to buy them again and they look the same on the website but the t shirts are made by someone else and were a different shape and weight of cotton. Not what I wanted so I returned them. I am taking a star off as 2 weeks later I am still waiting for a refund to show up in my bank account. They are also slow to reply to emails. I emailed them to enquire if they will be restocking the original plain t shirts I liked so much but have not had a reply weeks later. I have been chasing up the refund and they have responded to those emails. The original purchase and delivery was smooth but the returns and refund process has been disappointing.,4,2026-05-27 09:44:06+00:00,Trustpilot,company deserves praise selling organic clothing reasonable price point however quality gone bit bought plain cotton shirt last year stellastanley superb ive gone buy look website shirt made someone else different shape weight cotton wanted returned taking star week later still waiting refund show bank account also slow reply email emailed enquire restocking original plain shirt liked much reply week later chasing refund responded email original purchase delivery smooth return refund process disappointing
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Everything is always out of stock…,Everything is always out of stock litterally,1,2026-05-27 09:29:11+00:00,Trustpilot,everything always stock litterally
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Perfect Sweatshirt,Seeing other people's recent reviews makes me think my experience was just a lucky one. I was searching for a replacement sweatshirt for my daughter and ASOS was the only one who carried it since it has gone out of production. I received the item in a decent amount of time in the size I ordered and she was thrilled with it.,5,2026-05-27 02:01:27+00:00,Trustpilot,seeing people recent review make think experience lucky one searching replacement sweatshirt daughter asos one carried since gone production received item decent amount time size ordered thrilled
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Avoid at all costs,Avoid at all costs. Terrible customer service! Have had problems with my premium delivery which I paid £9.99 for and has taken them 2 weeks of back and forth telling me to wait 48 hours to work again before I gave up bothering. Paid for the standard delivery and now they have lost my parcel AGAIN. Shocking,1,2026-05-26 21:59:48+00:00,Trustpilot,avoid cost terrible customer service problem premium delivery paid taken week back forth telling wait hour work gave bothering paid standard delivery lost parcel shocking
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Terrible - once my items are returned I wont be using this company ever again,Terrible Service! - I pay for next day delivery only to receive packages  a week later. - I made 4 orders for clothing from their concession brands but the concession label has no evidence of the orders being made and i'm therefore stuck with £300 of products that cannot be returned or refunded. - Customer service is absolute trash. AI bots who transfer to people who respond 3-5 days later asking the same questions repeatedly but reply a day or 2 later. I'm literally just going around in a loop - I have items with a hole in it! Why is it so hard to return?,1,2026-05-26 21:29:55+00:00,Trustpilot,terrible service pay next day delivery receive package week later made order clothing concession brand concession label evidence order made im therefore stuck product returned refunded customer service absolute trash ai bot transfer people respond day later asking question repeatedly reply day later im literally going around loop item hole hard return
ASOS,Fast Fashion,I can’t believe you can’t speak to an…,"I can’t believe you can’t speak to an actual person in customer service anymore! My package is delayed and I have zero update or able to get information on this. The wedding is THIS FRIDAY and I ordered 5 days ago. It’s saying it’s going to be delivered on Friday, I ordered is 5 days ago. This is NOT good enough, I pay for express delivery. Never again.",1,2026-05-26 21:02:48+00:00,Trustpilot,cant believe cant speak actual person customer service anymore package delayed zero update able get information wedding friday ordered day ago saying going delivered friday ordered day ago good enough pay express delivery never
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Customer service unwilling to resolve obvious pricing issue,"I was very disappointed by my recent experience with this webshop. I have been a loyal customer for years, which makes this situation even more frustrating. I purchased a Mango top for 29,99€ only to discover less than a week later that the exact same item was being sold for 22,99€ on both Mango’s official website and ASOS at the regular retail price, not as part of any promotion or discount. When I contacted customer service to ask about the price difference and request a refund of the overpaid amount, I was simply told that pricing is determined internally and that nothing could be done. What I find especially disappointing is that they still insisted that 29,99€ was a “correct price,” despite the item being reduced by €7 within barely a week! Very disappointing customer service and pricing policy. Charging above the regular retail price without offering any solution or goodwill gesture does not feel customer-friendly at all.",1,2026-05-26 18:09:07+00:00,Trustpilot,disappointed recent experience webshop loyal customer year make situation even frustrating purchased mango top discover less week later exact item sold mango official website asos regular retail price part promotion discount contacted customer service ask price difference request refund overpaid amount simply told pricing determined internally nothing could done find especially disappointing still insisted correct price despite item reduced within barely week disappointing customer service pricing policy charging regular retail price without offering solution goodwill gesture feel customerfriendly
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Poor product and appalling customer service,"Horrendous! I ordered garden furniture that came broken. I decided to get a carpenter to put it together and requested one of the pieces be replaced as it came completely broken in half and a significant refund. Instead I had another set delivered (not requested) and it was equally as bad quality with the holes not aligning, not enough bolts. I’ve tried via every way to get in contact and keep being passed to different people who have no clue and the process starts again. I want the second set picked up asap and a refund. It’s been appalling and concerns a purchase that I spent a lot on. It’s been a month since I ordered and I need this sorted.",1,2026-05-26 17:56:30+00:00,Trustpilot,horrendous ordered garden furniture came broken decided get carpenter put together requested one piece replaced came completely broken half significant refund instead another set delivered requested equally bad quality hole aligning enough bolt ive tried via every way get contact keep passed different people clue process start want second set picked asap refund appalling concern purchase spent lot month since ordered need sorted
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,I will never purchase from them again,"I will never purchase from them again.  They have me jumping through so many hoops to get a refund that at some point I will tell them to keep it as I don’t have the time for their games. They confirmed they have received the return & the refund would be made.  But I have received nothing.  Now when I query it, they say they have no record of the order #.  Lesson learned!",1,2026-05-26 17:03:52+00:00,Trustpilot,never purchase jumping many hoop get refund point tell keep dont time game confirmed received return refund would made received nothing query say record order lesson learned
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Multi Vendor Orders - Poor Customer Service,"I’ve had a really poor experience with ASOS returns, especially on a multi‑vendor order that included River Island. I followed River Island’s own return instructions and generated a separate return label, but the River Island label did not work at all. My ASOS label only allowed me to send one item back, so I ended up with two labels and no straightforward way to return everything. ASOS then issued another label and told me I’d be refunded once River Island confirmed delivery within 14 days. River Island later confirmed they had received the item, yet after 145 days I still had no refund and had to chase ASOS myself. When I asked to raise a complaint, the agent (Tyron) said he had done so and gave me a complaint reference number, but I later found out there is no complaints process and the reference number wasn’t real. The next agent took nearly an hour to admit this and could only offer guesses instead of clear answers. Overall, the customer service has been very poor and it feels like customers have to prompt ASOS at every stage just to get basic things like working return labels and refunds processed. This whole experience has put me off ordering from separate vendors through ASOS, and in future I’ll be splitting my orders instead, which will ultimately cost ASOS more to deliver. The only positive part of the whole experience was Payal, who apologised and clearly explained the lack of communication.",2,2026-05-26 16:42:04+00:00,Trustpilot,ive really poor experience asos return especially multivendor order included river island followed river island return instruction generated separate return label river island label work asos label allowed send one item back ended two label straightforward way return everything asos issued another label told id refunded river island confirmed delivery within day river island later confirmed received item yet day still refund chase asos asked raise complaint agent tyron said done gave complaint reference number later found complaint process reference number wasnt real next agent took nearly hour admit could offer guess instead clear answer overall customer service poor feel like customer prompt asos every stage get basic thing like working return label refund processed whole experience put ordering separate vendor asos future ill splitting order instead ultimately cost asos deliver positive part whole experience payal apologised clearly explained lack communication
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Very impressed,"I ordered 4 items and didn't check reviews. As the items had taken a little while, I looked at reviews and my heart sank! Such bad reviews. I am delighted! All the items were in a very good state, no smell and not wet. Folded really nicely. All 4 items are made well and of decent quality. Moreover, they all fit perfectly. I am pretty amazed after reading so many bad reviews on here. My experience has been excellent. Took a bit of time to arrive but nothing too bad. From what I bought, I highly recommend. Maybe I got lucky, I dont know but I can only rate by this order.",5,2026-05-26 15:29:20+00:00,Trustpilot,ordered item didnt check review item taken little looked review heart sank bad review delighted item good state smell wet folded really nicely item made well decent quality moreover fit perfectly pretty amazed reading many bad review experience excellent took bit time arrive nothing bad bought highly recommend maybe got lucky dont know rate order
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,The worst customer service ever,"The worst customer service ever! Reported an issue with not being able to login days ago (their own website pops up with a message saying ""System Upgrade - reset password""; you try and reset and the email never comes through. In the end, an extremely incompetent CSR named Cassidy tells me its an issue with Gmail and they are blocking the password reset email even though their own system tells you that there may be an issue - the most ridiculous, fob off I've ever experienced.",1,2026-05-26 14:46:18+00:00,Trustpilot,worst customer service ever reported issue able login day ago website pop message saying system upgrade reset password try reset email never come end extremely incompetent csr named cassidy tell issue gmail blocking password reset email even though system tell may issue ridiculous fob ive ever experienced
ASOS,Fast Fashion,The worst customer service I've ever…,"The worst customer service I've ever experienced. Slow replies, same default answers on repeat with no actual resolution, continually being told a ""specialist team"" will be in touch, and then not receiving any further communication. For this reason I won't be shopping with ASOS anymore and I'd advise anyone against them.",1,2026-05-26 12:26:23+00:00,Trustpilot,worst customer service ive ever experienced slow reply default answer repeat actual resolution continually told specialist team touch receiving communication reason wont shopping asos anymore id advise anyone
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,I have been waiting 5days on WhatsApp…,"I have been waiting 5days on WhatsApp trying to liaise with boohoo customer service about not being able to access my boohoo account. Despite purchasing boohoo premier delivery requesting password reset numerous times and boohoo has still not resolved me getting access into my account despite numerous information I have given my email address, order number for the premier delivery and been told one minute to send screenshots of what error message I get signing in then being told they don't accept screenshots, it has been very distressing and every time they reply asking the same information over and over again throughout the day. I definitely would not recommend dealing with queries through the WhatsApp option. Now I will attempt through their email and if not then social media",1,2026-05-26 08:33:32+00:00,Trustpilot,waiting day whatsapp trying liaise boohoo customer service able access boohoo account despite purchasing boohoo premier delivery requesting password reset numerous time boohoo still resolved getting access account despite numerous information given email address order number premier delivery told one minute send screenshots error message get signing told dont accept screenshots distressing every time reply asking information throughout day definitely would recommend dealing query whatsapp option attempt email social medium
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,LIARS and FRAUDS,"LIARS and FRAUDS I ordered next day delivery through my Premier account on the 24th (early in the day) because I needed some urgent last minute items for my holiday.  I was reassured that the items would definitely arrive, despite it being a bank holiday and I specifically checked this as I would have ordered elsewhere if not. I waited in all day yesterday and was LIED to by boo hoo saying it’s definitely coming, please be reassured blah blah blah.  Waited until 7 or 8pm and got told oh sorry it’s coming on the 28th In what effing world is NEXT DAY from the 24th now accepted as 4 DAYS LATER.  I then get told oh it’s delayed so wait patiently until the 31st, 7 DAYS…..  What an absolute disgrace of a company.  I won’t even be here now so eff knows what will happen to the parcel seeing as tho, despite all the issues, they still continue to use the losers at Evri. Why do customers even pay for Premier to get this pathetic service and then pathetic customer service too, lying all day and then saying pls disregard previous messages. NEVER shopping at this company again now. Congratulations Boohoo.  Just lost a customer. Do better. And employ some customer service advisers who have actually had some training in manners",1,2026-05-26 07:38:23+00:00,Trustpilot,liar fraud ordered next day delivery premier account th early day needed urgent last minute item holiday reassured item would definitely arrive despite bank holiday specifically checked would ordered elsewhere waited day yesterday lied boo hoo saying definitely coming please reassured blah blah blah waited pm got told oh sorry coming th effing world next day th accepted day later get told oh delayed wait patiently st day absolute disgrace company wont even eff know happen parcel seeing tho despite issue still continue use loser evri customer even pay premier get pathetic service pathetic customer service lying day saying pls disregard previous message never shopping company congratulation boohoo lost customer better employ customer service adviser actually training manner
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,You pay for delivery and returns,"The items I bought were better quality than expecting four out of five of the items. One looked so cheap it was just embarrassing that it was even manufactured, it was cut as though the scissors used were blunt, no hem. None of the dresses had pockets which is negative. Worst is that I paid £3.99 delivery and £1.99 return which has to be through Evri, InPost, Asda or DPD (£2.49 option). For this reason, I will not be ordering again.",3,2026-05-26 07:31:20+00:00,Trustpilot,item bought better quality expecting four five item one looked cheap embarrassing even manufactured cut though scissors used blunt hem none dress pocket negative worst paid delivery return evri inpost asda dpd option reason ordering
Primark,Fast Fashion,Horrific Experience,Horrendous waiting time in the Dunfermline store today 25/05 /26  and extremely poor customer service from the duty manager called Margaret. She was extremely argumentative and no apology. What chance do her team stand when she is a very poor mentor. She needs to revisit customer service training.,1,2026-05-26 00:26:13+00:00,Trustpilot,horrendous waiting time dunfermline store today extremely poor customer service duty manager called margaret extremely argumentative apology chance team stand poor mentor need revisit customer service training
ASOS,Fast Fashion,After being a customer for approx 20…,After being a customer for approx 20 years I'm now done with the decline in quality and poor customer service. I've spent thousands with them and I've only bothered to contact them when I've been completely frustrated to be met with poor customer service.  Customers are penalised for their return rates when the more poinient issue is the quality which is why items are being returned so frequently. In this instance it was a quality issue that I was told the fabric was that supplied. I would rather save my money than continue to purchase from ASOS. We the customer have options when it comes to purchasing goods online but aren't treated like we count or like our issues are valid! This particular item was in the sale and from past experience sale items tell me its likely an issue in quality! Next day isnt always next day and purchasing from their 'partners' can also be a pain for many reasons including next day and returns. Not that it will make a difference to ASOS but I will be closing my account for my own sanity. As i'm still waiting for my trainers that were due to be returned to me approx 4 years ago which is a whole other story but am still out of pocket for that and the poor service received at that time.,1,2026-05-25 21:59:32+00:00,Trustpilot,customer approx year im done decline quality poor customer service ive spent thousand ive bothered contact ive completely frustrated met poor customer service customer penalised return rate poinient issue quality item returned frequently instance quality issue told fabric supplied would rather save money continue purchase asos customer option come purchasing good online arent treated like count like issue valid particular item sale past experience sale item tell likely issue quality next day isnt always next day purchasing partner also pain many reason including next day return make difference asos closing account sanity im still waiting trainer due returned approx year ago whole story still pocket poor service received time
ASOS,Fast Fashion,I sent some items back to this company,"I sent some items back to this company. They charged my credit card. I sent most of the items back, but they said they never received the items. I got a confirmation stating that items were shipped back to the Atlanta HUD. They would not refund my $532.00. I had to file a complaint with my credit card.",1,2026-05-25 04:31:18+00:00,Trustpilot,sent item back company charged credit card sent item back said never received item got confirmation stating item shipped back atlanta hud would refund file complaint credit card
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Absolutely horrible customer service,"Absolutely horrible customer service, months later still waiting on my refund? service providers refuse to acknowledge your issue and insist they are correct, they dont even try to act like theyre bothered or care, now are just not responding. Furthermore, clothes smell WEIRD AS HELL? and the quality is a GAMBLE! sometimes great, other times its like wth? - hence the returns!  Honestly, biggest thing is customer service, only order something if your 100% sure you will keep it - if your going to return it dont bother you wont get your money.",1,2026-05-25 03:43:29+00:00,Trustpilot,absolutely horrible customer service month later still waiting refund service provider refuse acknowledge issue insist correct dont even try act like theyre bothered care responding furthermore clothes smell weird hell quality gamble sometimes great time like wth hence return honestly biggest thing customer service order something sure keep going return dont bother wont get money
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Returns bad,"Returns very, very complicated - and at own cost. This needs simplifying. Avoid ordering as returning is (ok but it is so difficult to do) so tricky.",1,2026-05-24 17:35:46+00:00,Trustpilot,return complicated cost need simplifying avoid ordering returning ok difficult tricky
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Avoid at all costs,"Placed an order in the 1st of May, never received it. Firstly I wasn’t aware this would be shipped from china. I initially messaged customer support to ask for a tracking update, they sent me the tracking number which is when I realised it was being shipped from china. Since the 8th of May the tracking hasn’t been update so I assumed lost. Customer support just told me to wait. I opened a dispute through Klarna as that’s how I paid but so the payment is currently under dispute, however customer support is refusing to help or refund me. AVOID",1,2026-05-24 13:37:42+00:00,Trustpilot,placed order st may never received firstly wasnt aware would shipped china initially messaged customer support ask tracking update sent tracking number realised shipped china since th may tracking hasnt update assumed lost customer support told wait opened dispute klarna thats paid payment currently dispute however customer support refusing help refund avoid
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,I never leave reviews but i feel so…,"I never leave reviews but i feel so strongly about this situation and dont want anyone else to be robbed by boohoo..and in my case approx 164.00 ..heres my story. I placed a bulk order around christmas to try on different outfits for christmas day. I returned the items in january to boohoo, my grandad had passed away at the timeand  my mind was nit in a good place. In error i selected to be refunded by gift card and nit to original payment. I queried this with boohoo anf advised on my mistake but was told there is no way to undo my choice. Then when i tried to place another order there was information regarding my credit so emailed boohoo to find out what i needed to do...they advised after weeks of waiting for a reply that i had been awarded the gift card. I couodnt locate the giftcard, so i asked them to send me a copy or resend the email, they would not , i pleaded as i no idea where the gift card was , they emailed back to confirm it was issued in jan 2026 and that it wouod expire in 12 months. I emailed so many times to say i could not locate this gift card anywhere and asked for help to find it. Again,boohoo advusef when the gjdt card was issued BUT then advised it had now expired and there was no way to reinstate it so basically they have taken 164 off my money. I have queried and quieruef and now im just being ignored. I wouod highly recommend not to purchase from boohoo , they have robbed me, ignored me, no consideration whatsoever to my circumstances and i think big companies like this should not be allowed to behave in such ways. Theres nkt even a number you can call for escaltions. I really hope people read this to ensure they dont get robbed aswell.",1,2026-05-24 08:04:13+00:00,Trustpilot,never leave review feel strongly situation dont want anyone else robbed boohooand case approx here story placed bulk order around christmas try different outfit christmas day returned item january boohoo grandad passed away timeand mind nit good place error selected refunded gift card nit original payment queried boohoo anf advised mistake told way undo choice tried place another order information regarding credit emailed boohoo find needed dothey advised week waiting reply awarded gift card couodnt locate giftcard asked send copy resend email would pleaded idea gift card emailed back confirm issued jan wouod expire month emailed many time say could locate gift card anywhere asked help find againboohoo advusef gjdt card issued advised expired way reinstate basically taken money queried quieruef im ignored wouod highly recommend purchase boohoo robbed ignored consideration whatsoever circumstance think big company like allowed behave way there nkt even number call escaltions really hope people read ensure dont get robbed aswell
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Great quality clothes,"Great clothes, made to last, love my hoodie, comfy trousers, t-shirts. My last purchase was the underwear and it’s so soft and comfy!",5,2026-05-23 23:25:30+00:00,Trustpilot,great clothes made last love hoodie comfy trouser tshirts last purchase underwear soft comfy
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Joke of a company,"I originally ordered on 9th may, estimated delivery date on or before 15th may, parcel never came I emailed on 16th of may and was told I would need to wait until 20th may so I waited and emailed again on that date when I STILL hadn’t received my parcel. I was told it was never sent to the courier and I could either wait 10 days for a refund which is ridiculous or have my parcel resent next day delivery. I opted for that but I wasn’t even informed that one of the items wouldn’t be sent and would be refunded as it was out of stock by then. Cut to today 23rd may and I receive a “your parcel is out for delivery” which is certainly NOT next day delivery but whatever. But because you’ve sent it which Royal Mail to an Inpost box the delivery is refused and sent back to you. So far you have had my money for TWO WEEKS and I STILL have not received the clothes I ordered. So I am now expected to wait another 10 days for a refund because you can’t make a simple delivery. The “customer service” you offer is a joke and so is your company!",1,2026-05-23 22:22:35+00:00,Trustpilot,originally ordered th may estimated delivery date th may parcel never came emailed th may told would need wait th may waited emailed date still hadnt received parcel told never sent courier could either wait day refund ridiculous parcel resent next day delivery opted wasnt even informed one item wouldnt sent would refunded stock cut today rd may receive parcel delivery certainly next day delivery whatever youve sent royal mail inpost box delivery refused sent back far money two week still received clothes ordered expected wait another day refund cant make simple delivery customer service offer joke company
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Ordered urgently clothes for my son,Ordered urgently for my son who has arrived abroad with no clothes due to mislaid luggage. PAID EXTRA for next day delivery and ordered from boohoo site especially for this reason! Big mistake.,1,2026-05-23 19:21:15+00:00,Trustpilot,ordered urgently son arrived abroad clothes due mislaid luggage paid extra next day delivery ordered boohoo site especially reason big mistake
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Absolutely awful,"Absolutely awful, have ordered previously and always returned via royal mail as this is the only option available to me. They have now removed this as an option and will not provide me with any help in returning my item. Would never use again.",1,2026-05-23 19:19:33+00:00,Trustpilot,absolutely awful ordered previously always returned via royal mail option available removed option provide help returning item would never use
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Excellent customer service,Excellent customer service. Having had a defective item delivered contacted customer services who replied promptly and courteously. A replacement was sent out the same day.,5,2026-05-23 18:45:43+00:00,Trustpilot,excellent customer service defective item delivered contacted customer service replied promptly courteously replacement sent day
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Misleading descriptions lead to returns you pay for,"I bought a t-shirt that was supposed to be regular M, but what i received was a very relaxed cut that was more like an XL and of bad material. Despite that being their fault, Asos charges me 4.68 for sending it back. I had a similar case before and contacted their so-called customer service and they refused a free return -  just not worth the hassle and the money.",2,2026-05-23 13:23:12+00:00,Trustpilot,bought tshirt supposed regular received relaxed cut like xl bad material despite fault asos charge sending back similar case contacted socalled customer service refused free return worth hassle money
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Bought an item that’s poorly made,"Bought an item that’s poorly made. Massive hole in the lapel of a night gown, where it has not been sewn properly. Like others the return is confusing and looks like I have to pay to return. Emailed to query and they asked for more pictures. Now nothing. I’d never order from here again!",1,2026-05-23 11:53:52+00:00,Trustpilot,bought item thats poorly made massive hole lapel night gown sewn properly like others return confusing look like pay return emailed query asked picture nothing id never order
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,I contacted Boohoo on Wednesday…,"I contacted Boohoo on Wednesday regarding returning an item that was not as described. I was told to email a strange separate email address for returns/issues, which I did straight away, and since then I have heard absolutely nothing back. I now have an item sitting here that I desperately want to return, but getting any kind of proper response feels impossible. The live chat agent I spoke to was actually quite nice, so at first I thought everything would go smoothly, but now I honestly feel like I’m at the beginning of a nightmare trying to sort this out. Customers should not have to chase and chase just to return an item that does not match the description. If this is not resolved properly, I will be contacting Trading Standards regarding the matter.",1,2026-05-23 11:34:58+00:00,Trustpilot,contacted boohoo wednesday regarding returning item described told email strange separate email address returnsissues straight away since heard absolutely nothing back item sitting desperately want return getting kind proper response feel impossible live chat agent spoke actually quite nice first thought everything would go smoothly honestly feel like im beginning nightmare trying sort customer chase chase return item match description resolved properly contacting trading standard regarding matter
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Very poor customer service.,Very poor customer service. Very poor quality clothes. Trouble obtaining refund. Ripping people off.,1,2026-05-23 08:00:22+00:00,Trustpilot,poor customer service poor quality clothes trouble obtaining refund ripping people
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Giving Joshua from customer care all…,Giving Joshua from customer care all the 5 starts since I was unable to rate our conversation through the chat. He’s helped so much with my issue and was super patient and friendly. Sending you lots of light your way. Keep shining & never ever change brother! God bless you,5,2026-05-22 23:55:01+00:00,Trustpilot,giving joshua customer care start since unable rate conversation chat he helped much issue super patient friendly sending lot light way keep shining never ever change brother god bless
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Return Rejected - Absolute Chancers,"I’ve been an ASOS customer for over 10 years but will never shop there again. I purchased 8 dresses for a friend’s wedding and I didn’t like any of them so I sent them all back. I tried on the dresses for all of 30 seconds each as I knew straight away that none of them were right. Anyway, I got an email to say they were only refunding me for 7 of the 8 dresses as one of them had been worn. I’m obviously furious as this is categorically not true and I would never ever do that. I have tried contacting customer support three times and they have done nothing to help. They keep saying they will escalate it but no one ever gets back to me. It’s almost been a week and we are no further forward. They don’t care at all and the whole situation has been very stressful.",1,2026-05-22 21:30:30+00:00,Trustpilot,ive asos customer year never shop purchased dress friend wedding didnt like sent back tried dress second knew straight away none right anyway got email say refunding dress one worn im obviously furious categorically true would never ever tried contacting customer support three time done nothing help keep saying escalate one ever get back almost week forward dont care whole situation stressful
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Ordered a trench coat,"Ordered a trench coat. Arrived without the belt. I’ve returned, but my refund has been rejected!!!!! What am I supposed to do with this coat? You cannot wear this without the belt! It’s massive. How do I even contact ASOS? There is no one available to talk to, or there is no email! I demand this refund to be processed either way. This is a total joke! Who even works there?",1,2026-05-22 21:04:56+00:00,Trustpilot,ordered trench coat arrived without belt ive returned refund rejected supposed coat wear without belt massive even contact asos one available talk email demand refund processed either way total joke even work
ASOS,Fast Fashion,My item arrived stained,My item arrived stained. I contacted customer service (who were insanely slow). After spending 40 minutes in a chat with them I was told that somehow a stain did not count as a fault and they would not replace my item. They have no way of filing a complaint about this and so I will not have the item I ordered in time for the event.,1,2026-05-22 19:49:59+00:00,Trustpilot,item arrived stained contacted customer service insanely slow spending minute chat told somehow stain count fault would replace item way filing complaint item ordered time event
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,I needed to contact customer services…,I needed to contact customer services before my order was dispatched. There is no phone number and email response was 2 days- think that’s poor for a company that looks otherwise promising,2,2026-05-22 18:03:17+00:00,Trustpilot,needed contact customer service order dispatched phone number email response day think thats poor company look otherwise promising
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Ordered a two piece set but they only…,Ordered a two piece set but they only sent the trousers ..returned trouser because wanted it as a set  but they are still charging me for delivery and return when they messed the order up also took me days to get in touch with anyone noone was responding ...please dont order from this company you will loose money and you physically speak to anyone,1,2026-05-22 17:12:20+00:00,Trustpilot,ordered two piece set sent trouser returned trouser wanted set still charging delivery return messed order also took day get touch anyone noone responding please dont order company loose money physically speak anyone
ASOS,Fast Fashion,,Slow delivery - lost a parcel,2,2026-05-22 17:01:57+00:00,Trustpilot,slow delivery lost parcel
Missguided,Fast Fashion,I would give it a minus bit that's not…,I would give it a minus bit that's not possible please do not order from here at all. You will never get your refund you will be fobbed off and not replied to.. that's if you can figue out how to return! Clothing is hurrendous..customer service is diabolical! Please save your time and energy and money!!!,1,2026-05-22 15:35:23+00:00,Trustpilot,would give minus bit thats possible please order never get refund fobbed replied thats figue return clothing hurrendouscustomer service diabolical please save time energy money
ASOS,Fast Fashion,I was a loyal customer for so many…,"I was a loyal customer for so many years, but they have no customer care service team any more. They have rejected my return which was in perfect condition because it was 2 days late, although I was sick and unable to return. I will NEVER be ordering from them again. Appalling service!",1,2026-05-22 13:23:08+00:00,Trustpilot,loyal customer many year customer care service team rejected return perfect condition day late although sick unable return never ordering appalling service
ASOS,Fast Fashion,I am actually baffled at how terrible…,I am actually baffled at how terrible ASOS customer service is! How can a company exist for so long that has the worst customer service I have ever encountered. My item was returned and ASOS acknowledged receipt of the return on 30 April. I still have not received my refund despite contacting customer services numerous times! ASOS agents seem incapable of providing any plausible explanation or resolution. Can ASOS resolve the issue relating to 22FKUJ53NMPGHH,1,2026-05-22 13:21:05+00:00,Trustpilot,actually baffled terrible asos customer service company exist long worst customer service ever encountered item returned asos acknowledged receipt return april still received refund despite contacting customer service numerous time asos agent seem incapable providing plausible explanation resolution asos resolve issue relating fkujnmpghh
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Thieves. Steal from your bank account.,"I ordered a couple of pairs of shoes and the Bill came to £45.94. But boo-hoo took out £48.93 from my account for payment. I am dreading my items arriving now. It’s Max of bad practice when a company is stealing from you in your first transaction, so I won’t be buying from them again.",1,2026-05-22 10:34:48+00:00,Trustpilot,ordered couple pair shoe bill came boohoo took account payment dreading item arriving max bad practice company stealing first transaction wont buying
ASOS,Fast Fashion,I’ve shopped with ASOS for over ten…,"I’ve shopped with ASOS for over ten years. Today I deleted my account and will never purchase from them again. They sent me the wrong item, not wrong size...a totally different item. It was the only item I actually needed in the order. My size sold out before they could fix it. When I asked for any concession to acknowledge the mistake, I was refused repeatedly by a bot and then a live agent who couldn’t do anything beyond a script. They then had the nerve to demand I cover the cost of returning the clothes in a separate package. Over ten years of business, and they won't get another dime from me. There's far more other options.",1,2026-05-22 01:38:29+00:00,Trustpilot,ive shopped asos ten year today deleted account never purchase sent wrong item wrong sizea totally different item item actually needed order size sold could fix asked concession acknowledge mistake refused repeatedly bot live agent couldnt anything beyond script nerve demand cover cost returning clothes separate package ten year business wont get another dime there far option
ASOS,Fast Fashion,First of all the Coupon code didn't…,First of all the Coupon code didn't worked. The parcel was not delivered on my birthday.,1,2026-05-22 00:12:18+00:00,Trustpilot,first coupon code didnt worked parcel delivered birthday
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Awful experience,Awful experience! I placed an order and I am a premier customer so should get next day delivery! 4 days later still no order! They could see the order had gone to the wrong location so they requested the items be sent back to them! I have chased this every day and Im now 2 weeks on but they wont refund the money for a parcel I never received! Thankfully I paid through Paypal so have asked them to sort refund! I will never order from here again!,1,2026-05-21 22:55:20+00:00,Trustpilot,awful experience placed order premier customer get next day delivery day later still order could see order gone wrong location requested item sent back chased every day im week wont refund money parcel never received thankfully paid paypal asked sort refund never order
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,NEVER experienced such poor…,"NEVER experienced such poor communication in my life. I ordered an outfit for a weekend away on the Monday and next day delivery. I didn’t get my items until I was away. I then was denied return despite not having the items in time for intended use because the seller doesn’t accept returns. I bought through boohoo and it said NOWHERE on boohoo they don’t accept returns for unused clothes. After days of never being contacted after initial AI screening, I had 2 weeks of back and forth emails with customer service to ultimately be told they won’t accept returns despite not delivering on time as I paid for NDD. Never will I buy from boohoo again. Ridiculous experience.",1,2026-05-21 21:30:25+00:00,Trustpilot,never experienced poor communication life ordered outfit weekend away monday next day delivery didnt get item away denied return despite item time intended use seller doesnt accept return bought boohoo said nowhere boohoo dont accept return unused clothes day never contacted initial ai screening week back forth email customer service ultimately told wont accept return despite delivering time paid ndd never buy boohoo ridiculous experience
ASOS,Fast Fashion,They don’t seem to care if your parcel…,They don’t seem to care if your parcel doesn’t arrive and just keep fobbing you off without actually looking into it,1,2026-05-21 19:54:32+00:00,Trustpilot,dont seem care parcel doesnt arrive keep fobbing without actually looking
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Plus erasure,"There was a time when the plus models weren’t mostly dressed in plain milkmaid dresses. A time when this store didn’t make clothes just for the money grab. Now, the curve models like like they’re dressed in curtains & materials that hardly flatter them.",1,2026-05-21 19:10:01+00:00,Trustpilot,time plus model werent mostly dressed plain milkmaid dress time store didnt make clothes money grab curve model like like theyre dressed curtain material hardly flatter
ASOS,Fast Fashion,I returned my package,"I returned my package, which was received 15 days ago. According to their own policy, refunds are stated to take “up to 15 days,” yet I still have not received my money or any clear update. I contacted customer service this morning and was told to wait until the end of the day. When I followed up later, I was again told to wait — this time until tomorrow — when they would “try to find a solution.” This is not acceptable. When a refund is already overdue, customers should receive clear answers and action, not repeated delays. From my experience, the process has been unnecessarily dragged out, and no real responsibility has been taken to resolve the issue.",1,2026-05-21 18:55:40+00:00,Trustpilot,returned package received day ago according policy refund stated take day yet still received money clear update contacted customer service morning told wait end day followed later told wait time tomorrow would try find solution acceptable refund already overdue customer receive clear answer action repeated delay experience process unnecessarily dragged real responsibility taken resolve issue
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,A good product and excellent customer service,"My order was very late, with confusing Royal Mail tracking information showing it travelling to and from mail centres around the country nowhere near where I live. Tracking then froze completely for several days. I reported this to Rapanui and we assumed that the parcel had been lost by Royal Mail. Rapanui offered to send a replacement which arrived in a couple of days. I am very pleased with the product. So, five stars for an excellent product and also for helpful customer service in resolving a frustrating delivery problem which was not of their making.",5,2026-05-21 18:34:32+00:00,Trustpilot,order late confusing royal mail tracking information showing travelling mail centre around country nowhere near live tracking froze completely several day reported rapanui assumed parcel lost royal mail rapanui offered send replacement arrived couple day pleased product five star excellent product also helpful customer service resolving frustrating delivery problem making
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Do not buy from this seller,Do not buy from this seller . I ordered a pair of ladies boots thinking I was only paying a couple of pounds for delivery but ended up paying £10 but worst of all I never had a confirmation of order or a confirmation order number so I wasn’t able to cancel the order which I attempted to do after realising I was overcharged !!! The order has now been delivered with no reference order number so I can’t return the item ! I have tried to go to the online customer service centre but all I get is an automated message. This company is one to avoid 😡 not even worth 1 star,1,2026-05-21 18:33:44+00:00,Trustpilot,buy seller ordered pair lady boot thinking paying couple pound delivery ended paying worst never confirmation order confirmation order number wasnt able cancel order attempted realising overcharged order delivered reference order number cant return item tried go online customer service centre get automated message company one avoid even worth star
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Unbelievably unhelpful,"Accidentally ordered my package to my previous address in which the other occupant assaulted me. I’m extremely upset that they couldn’t amend or cancel the order, even with 3 days left to deliver. Customer services were also very hard to deal with and their chat bots and humans using the chat portal were super slow and unhelpful",1,2026-05-21 18:15:58+00:00,Trustpilot,accidentally ordered package previous address occupant assaulted im extremely upset couldnt amend cancel order even day left deliver customer service also hard deal chat bot human using chat portal super slow unhelpful
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Boohoo sent me the wrong parcel,"Boohoo sent me the wrong parcel, I have tried multiple times to get hold of them. They have my money and my order and I have someone else’s things!",1,2026-05-21 17:36:44+00:00,Trustpilot,boohoo sent wrong parcel tried multiple time get hold money order someone elses thing
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Amazing customer service,"Amazing customer service. As someone based in TR I had some difficulty with the customs and all the people I've talked to has been most incredible, kind and helpful.  They were so open to alternative solutions as well and helped me real fast. Thank you all!",5,2026-05-21 15:36:49+00:00,Trustpilot,amazing customer service someone based tr difficulty custom people ive talked incredible kind helpful open alternative solution well helped real fast thank
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Send random stuff and then leave you at…,Send random stuff and then leave you at mercy of AI to sort out refun,1,2026-05-21 15:35:54+00:00,Trustpilot,send random stuff leave mercy ai sort refun
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Quick and helpful customer service,Very understanding towards an exchanged order and address change. Thank you for your understanding and no hesitation when it came to issuing a replacement!,5,2026-05-21 14:08:29+00:00,Trustpilot,understanding towards exchanged order address change thank understanding hesitation came issuing replacement
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,I love what Rapanui are doing,"I love what Rapanui are doing, I messaged them to see whether yoga/Pilates wear is something that they might be doing in the future, I received a prompt and positive response. I am excited to receive my hoody and sweat pants, due today 😀 and really hope they continue to expand their range of clothing 😊",5,2026-05-21 13:42:33+00:00,Trustpilot,love rapanui messaged see whether yogapilates wear something might future received prompt positive response excited receive hoody sweat pant due today really hope continue expand range clothing
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Good customer service this aint!,"Good customer service this aint! Says they will hold it for 1 hour in your basket. Sold it to someone else during that time. Now out of stock. Plus, all my saved items were deleted. Waste my time why don't you? Can't get that back now can I Asos! Apparently they delete customer's accounts for returning too many items. If your sizes weren't so random people wouldn't need to get more than one to get a good fit. Why would you keep stuff that don't fit? Maybe invest in some stores so people can try stuff on first? Just saying. Too rad maybe? 🤣 Happy? What do you think?",1,2026-05-21 12:20:42+00:00,Trustpilot,good customer service aint say hold hour basket sold someone else time stock plus saved item deleted waste time dont cant get back asos apparently delete customer account returning many item size werent random people wouldnt need get one get good fit would keep stuff dont fit maybe invest store people try stuff first saying rad maybe happy think
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Scammers and thieves.,"Boohoo have the worst customer service and refund process. They do not deserve the good ratings they have. I am in a process of fighting with them to have my money refunded for items proven to have been returned to them. Once you make contact with them via email (there is no telephone number), they may reply initially and then never again! They start  ignoring your emails if you have a problem. Also, they only want to acknowledge part of the refunded items (as they arrive in seperate packages) so they can tell you they haven't received it and then keep your money. As mentioned, the situation is in the process of dispute and I don't know when I'll receive my money back. They are scamming their customers and I definitely do not recommend their service.",1,2026-05-21 10:03:53+00:00,Trustpilot,boohoo worst customer service refund process deserve good rating process fighting money refunded item proven returned make contact via email telephone number may reply initially never start ignoring email problem also want acknowledge part refunded item arrive seperate package tell havent received keep money mentioned situation process dispute dont know ill receive money back scamming customer definitely recommend service
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Boohoo took my payment but never sent…,Boohoo took my payment but never sent an order confirmation or order number. Customer support only responds with bots and the issue is still unresolved after more than a week. I have proof that the payment was successful.,1,2026-05-21 07:51:19+00:00,Trustpilot,boohoo took payment never sent order confirmation order number customer support responds bot issue still unresolved week proof payment successful
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Pissed off with a return,"Pissed off with a return. It was sent with Australia post on 23rd April and received by Boohoo facility on 29th April. No refund came through so I followed up. They had none of the details of anything. I had to send screenshots of my return from their website, the Australia Post delivery notification and tracking as well as a screenshot of my order. Received the following response: ""Your refund will be initiated once the return reaches the warehouse and has been processed successfully. Please note that this process can take up to 29 days from the date the return was posted."" And a month later I am still chasing refund!!!! I have purchased from them many times before but this is this last. Worst customer service I have ever had.",1,2026-05-21 03:52:21+00:00,Trustpilot,pissed return sent australia post rd april received boohoo facility th april refund came followed none detail anything send screenshots return website australia post delivery notification tracking well screenshot order received following response refund initiated return reach warehouse processed successfully please note process take day date return posted month later still chasing refund purchased many time last worst customer service ever
ASOS,Fast Fashion,ASOS Used to be my go to place for new…,ASOS Used to be my go to place for new clothes. However since they have updated there return policy is sucks! I’m sorry you can’t provide accurate measurements for your clothes + NND delivery used to be £4 now it’s £9.99 for a tracked 24 I don’t even cost that much from Royal Mail considering they will have a deal so they probably get delivery’s for peanuts,1,2026-05-20 23:15:58+00:00,Trustpilot,asos used go place new clothes however since updated return policy suck im sorry cant provide accurate measurement clothes nnd delivery used tracked dont even cost much royal mail considering deal probably get delivery peanut
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Rude customer service,"Returned parcel, no refund issued. Had to deal with very rude customer service representative who cut the call off even though I asked to speak to a manger for the poor service. Do not recommend and will not shop there again",1,2026-05-20 23:11:00+00:00,Trustpilot,returned parcel refund issued deal rude customer service representative cut call even though asked speak manger poor service recommend shop
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Terrible customer service and support,Multiple error messages trying to login to website or app. Unable to login to account and waiting forever for a response on Whatsapp. Returns portal not functioning so unable to process my return at all. Stuck with items i don't want and no way to return them at all,1,2026-05-20 22:08:00+00:00,Trustpilot,multiple error message trying login website app unable login account waiting forever response whatsapp return portal functioning unable process return stuck item dont want way return
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Very frustrating shopping experience,"Very frustrating shopping experience. The sizing on the website was extremely unclear, especially for U.S. customers. During checkout, I selected size 4 for my dresses, but my confirmation email later stated “US Size 8,” which immediately caused confusion and stress. At no point during checkout was the sizing conversion clearly explained. I contacted customer support multiple times trying to get a simple answer about whether I would actually receive a US size 4 or a US size 8, and no one could give me a direct response. The replies felt vague, repetitive, and unhelpful, even after I explained the situation clearly several times. I understand international brands use different sizing systems, but customers should not have to play detective after placing an order. The website should clearly specify whether sizes shown are UK or US sizes and explain the conversion before checkout. Overall, the lack of clarity and poor customer support made this a stressful experience instead of an enjoyable one. And just to mention I spoke to Kai on instagram and a Cory on their chat support team.",1,2026-05-20 18:11:51+00:00,Trustpilot,frustrating shopping experience sizing website extremely unclear especially u customer checkout selected size dress confirmation email later stated u size immediately caused confusion stress point checkout sizing conversion clearly explained contacted customer support multiple time trying get simple answer whether would actually receive u size u size one could give direct response reply felt vague repetitive unhelpful even explained situation clearly several time understand international brand use different sizing system customer play detective placing order website clearly specify whether size shown uk u size explain conversion checkout overall lack clarity poor customer support made stressful experience instead enjoyable one mention spoke kai instagram cory chat support team
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Although I had to return my purchase,"Although I had to return my purchase, due to fraying I am very happy with the service I got.  I received a refund for the full price, as well as the postage",4,2026-05-20 16:41:55+00:00,Trustpilot,although return purchase due fraying happy service got received refund full price well postage
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,dining table set,"Ordered a dining table, chair and bench set. So far I have received 2 table legs and two chairs, still the table and bench missing. Over two weeks with no explanation and just getting the same message that they will contact the courier for an update extending it by two days again. All you get in an AI generated reply, hoping it turns up soon",1,2026-05-20 16:22:47+00:00,Trustpilot,ordered dining table chair bench set far received table leg two chair still table bench missing two week explanation getting message contact courier update extending two day get ai generated reply hoping turn soon
ASOS,Fast Fashion,The worst customer service experience.,The worst customer service experience.,1,2026-05-20 15:58:49+00:00,Trustpilot,worst customer service experience
Missguided,Fast Fashion,I ordered 2 dresses for a wedding,I ordered 2 dresses for a wedding. Wanted to return 1 dress but there is no clear guidance on how to return? It gives the return address but evri want a QR code (which is a company advised by them to use with returns). I have asked for help with this but customer service is ABSOLUTELY APPALLING. I want to speak to someone and there just is not an option for this? I’m not out of pocket for a dress I do not want and cannot return?,1,2026-05-20 14:29:55+00:00,Trustpilot,ordered dress wedding wanted return dress clear guidance return give return address evri want qr code company advised use return asked help customer service absolutely appalling want speak someone option im pocket dress want return
ASOS,Fast Fashion,missing parcel no number to contact no…,missing parcel no number to contact no humans to talk to you speak to a computer.,1,2026-05-20 13:31:12+00:00,Trustpilot,missing parcel number contact human talk speak computer
Missguided,Fast Fashion,If i could give it a 0 i would,If i could give it a 0 i would. I wanted to return a big order as it cost over £50 and when trying to do this the return portal didnt work even putting in the order number correctly. I went and asked customer service and what a load of bullshit they are. Not helpful i had to pay over £5 for a return £7! For a return is crazy! . Not worth it go to boohoo instead or even shein.,1,2026-05-20 10:30:38+00:00,Trustpilot,could give would wanted return big order cost trying return portal didnt work even putting order number correctly went asked customer service load bullshit helpful pay return return crazy worth go boohoo instead even shein
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,TERRIBLE customer service,TERRIBLE customer service. The sizing chart is wrong on the website and it made me order the wrong size. They can’t change the size or just cancel the order for me even though it’s only processing. Never ordering from this company again and I suggest you don’t either.,1,2026-05-20 04:38:51+00:00,Trustpilot,terrible customer service sizing chart wrong website made order wrong size cant change size cancel order even though processing never ordering company suggest dont either
ASOS,Fast Fashion,ASOS has become a scammer.,"Truly awful. AVOID AT ALL COSTS. I returned a parcel to asos with a few pieces. The tracking had shown it arrived but they never refunded me. This was well within the return time and once I queried where my refund was, THEY CLOSED MY ACCOUNT FOR 'SUSPICIOUS ACTIVITY' and said I had to claim the money back from the bank. I did nothing wrong and they've been a massive headache. The company deserves the downfall and losses its going through. Good riddance.",1,2026-05-19 21:37:04+00:00,Trustpilot,truly awful avoid cost returned parcel asos piece tracking shown arrived never refunded well within return time queried refund closed account suspicious activity said claim money back bank nothing wrong theyve massive headache company deserves downfall loss going good riddance
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,I got in touch because I had a query…,"I got in touch because I had a query about vouchers and discount codes being used alongside each other. Dan got in touch with me in a timely manner and was super helpful with my query, and an ad-hoc question I had while I was in contact with him too. I love this brand and the this is my first time using their customer service and I wasn't disappointed. The only hitch I have with this brand is that it's currently not possible to use more than 1 voucher in a purchase at a time, so if you have multiple vouchers you need to split them one at a time over separate individual purchases to use them.",5,2026-05-19 19:16:39+00:00,Trustpilot,got touch query voucher discount code used alongside dan got touch timely manner super helpful query adhoc question contact love brand first time using customer service wasnt disappointed hitch brand currently possible use voucher purchase time multiple voucher need split one time separate individual purchase use
ASOS,Fast Fashion,I received bikini bottoms with poo and…,I received bikini bottoms with poo and other bodily fluids in them and they are not helping me!,1,2026-05-19 18:35:41+00:00,Trustpilot,received bikini bottom poo bodily fluid helping
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Not only was I happy with the product…,Not only was I happy with the product but it was early to 👍,5,2026-05-19 17:22:52+00:00,Trustpilot,happy product early
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Unfortunately the goods I required…,"Unfortunately the goods I  required were sold out.After being scammed by another company, it was a relief to be in touch with genuine interested people.14",5,2026-05-19 11:21:09+00:00,Trustpilot,unfortunately good required sold outafter scammed another company relief touch genuine interested people
ASOS,Fast Fashion,customer service appalling,customer service is absolutely appalling/non-existent. only way to get in touch is via chat function on their website and the agents are absolutely useless and do not understand what you are saying. they must also be working multiple chats at once as each message takes 5+ minutes for a response - you will be on the chat for 40+ mins for even a basic enquiry. unable to escalate complaint to anyone who speaks any sense,1,2026-05-19 11:06:53+00:00,Trustpilot,customer service absolutely appallingnonexistent way get touch via chat function website agent absolutely useless understand saying must also working multiple chat message take minute response chat min even basic enquiry unable escalate complaint anyone speaks sense
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Scam company,"Scam company. They delivered the order at the front door where it could easily be stolen, and then claimed that 19 products could fit into one very small box. They initially agreed to refund me, but later blocked my account and refused to provide my refund. Very poor customer service and an extremely disappointing experience.",1,2026-05-19 10:36:28+00:00,Trustpilot,scam company delivered order front door could easily stolen claimed product could fit one small box initially agreed refund later blocked account refused provide refund poor customer service extremely disappointing experience
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Worst customer service ever,Worst customer service ever. I got a discount code for my birthday which did not work and anyone could solve it. Just a repeated answer from IA that they cannot do anything. Horrible…,1,2026-05-19 09:30:31+00:00,Trustpilot,worst customer service ever got discount code birthday work anyone could solve repeated answer ia anything horrible
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Refused a return for an item,"Refused a return for an item. Pair of shorts, but they class them as underwear possibly? They are not. Very poor sizing. Pump shorts meant to be roomy for the muscular build. These are not roomy at all. Waist and hips fit fine but the leg extremely narrow and tight. T shirt quality is fine, fits nice and is comfy. But print on training vest already has print seperating from material. For the value of vest not even worth paying the returns. Order from here and expect 1 out of 3 items to be worthwhile. Cant see myself ordering here ever again.",1,2026-05-18 22:42:28+00:00,Trustpilot,refused return item pair short class underwear possibly poor sizing pump short meant roomy muscular build roomy waist hip fit fine leg extremely narrow tight shirt quality fine fit nice comfy print training vest already print seperating material value vest even worth paying return order expect item worthwhile cant see ordering ever
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,i purchased the miami florida blue…,i purchased the miami florida blue short tracksuit. i open it to see makeup stains all over the neckline of the hoodie. so so disappointing. i was excited for this to arrive and now the whole set is out of stock so i doubt i’ll even be able to purchase again.,2,2026-05-18 22:23:22+00:00,Trustpilot,purchased miami florida blue short tracksuit open see makeup stain neckline hoodie disappointing excited arrive whole set stock doubt ill even able purchase
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Boohoo Premier poor delivery,"I have always used Boohoo Premier and since they have changed the policy it is an absolute joke. First I am told only Boohoo items are free next day, but actually due to living in Cornwall nothing is free next day. So I either have to wait 4 days or pay £2.99 to get in 2 days (never actually next day). My mate tested the same items deliver to her house up Country and she can get free tomorrow!! I tried to complain, request refund on delivery and customer service was awful. Defo won’t renew again",1,2026-05-18 20:48:03+00:00,Trustpilot,always used boohoo premier since changed policy absolute joke first told boohoo item free next day actually due living cornwall nothing free next day either wait day pay get day never actually next day mate tested item deliver house country get free tomorrow tried complain request refund delivery customer service awful defo wont renew
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Untrustworthy. Horrendous Customer Service.,"I ordered a pair of running shoes from ASOS as they were cheaper than on competitor websites. On arrival I assumed the trainers were the correct size 9 as they were in a box marked ""size 9"" and tied together with a label marked ""size 9."" It was only after I'd started running in them that it became apparent that, while the left trainer was correct, the right trainer was size 8 - too small. I contacted ASOS by chat  - they don't have email, phone or postal contact - and was told to return them via courier which I did. Three weeks later I received the trainers back with a rejection email telling me they couldn't be returned due to their worn state. I then tried to complain via chat and after 20 minutes with a handler I was told I would be put through to a manager. I then waited a further three hours before the connection was inexplicably cut. I logged back in and opened another chat and was told I'd be prioritised and was asked to wait again. Thirty minutes later I was cut off once more. Truly shocking service.",1,2026-05-18 20:40:05+00:00,Trustpilot,ordered pair running shoe asos cheaper competitor website arrival assumed trainer correct size box marked size tied together label marked size id started running became apparent left trainer correct right trainer size small contacted asos chat dont email phone postal contact told return via courier three week later received trainer back rejection email telling couldnt returned due worn state tried complain via chat minute handler told would put manager waited three hour connection inexplicably cut logged back opened another chat told id prioritised asked wait thirty minute later cut truly shocking service
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Tracking service unavailable (no ID…,"Tracking service unavailable (no ID provided), delayed delivery (>1 week) in spite being a premium customer,",1,2026-05-18 20:05:14+00:00,Trustpilot,tracking service unavailable id provided delayed delivery week spite premium customer
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Diabolical,"Diabolical. Just don't order from them. Everything will go wrong, you won't receive your order on time even though you paid next-day, they will leave crucial information about their delivery out before you order and then lie to you that they told you before, you won't receive any help, their agents will be unresponsive an unreasonable, then your items will be faulty and they'll lie to you that they're supposed to be like that, and you will just be left frustrated like the 3000 other people here who have left them a 1-star review.",1,2026-05-18 18:14:51+00:00,Trustpilot,diabolical dont order everything go wrong wont receive order time even though paid nextday leave crucial information delivery order lie told wont receive help agent unresponsive unreasonable item faulty theyll lie theyre supposed like left frustrated like people left star review
ASOS,Fast Fashion,I have been a customer for years with…,"I have been a customer for years with only one return recently, 2/05/2026. I sent two items back, one for poor quality, one for the wrong size, and both were rejected. Be very careful when purchasing, as this claim that wearing items was unfounded and false",1,2026-05-18 16:11:05+00:00,Trustpilot,customer year one return recently sent two item back one poor quality one wrong size rejected careful purchasing claim wearing item unfounded false
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Appalling ...ordered a pullover jacket…,"Appalling ...ordered a pullover jacket - extremely poor quality, makred up from some Chinese Sounding manufacturer....it's awful.  Returns policy is deliberately obstructive...I am not going to bother, which is what they hope for, I'm sure.  Would re-sell on Vinted, but it's so shoddy I would be embarrassed to do so.  Lesson learned.",1,2026-05-18 14:08:09+00:00,Trustpilot,appalling ordered pullover jacket extremely poor quality makred chinese sounding manufacturerits awful return policy deliberately obstructivei going bother hope im sure would resell vinted shoddy would embarrassed lesson learned
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Please stop using relaytech,Please stop using relaytech for your deliveries. My next day delivery is nearly a week late.,1,2026-05-18 13:42:21+00:00,Trustpilot,please stop using relaytech delivery next day delivery nearly week late
Missguided,Fast Fashion,omg what a rip off company I have tried…,omg what a rip off company I have tried on several times to get a refund and I have proof of returns they say you have been sent a refund no no I have not what a rip off company never trust this company,1,2026-05-18 13:16:38+00:00,Trustpilot,omg rip company tried several time get refund proof return say sent refund rip company never trust company
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Not even a 1 star!!,"Not even a 1 star!! Been contacting Boohoo's customer service for a while now to get a refund from January. Customer service is terrible. You get an AI bot that is useless, then you have to wait days and days to speak to a human, who then never gets back to you. I have contacted them many different ways and the service is honestly disgusting. For a multi-million pound company, they should make more of a priority in looking after their customers. I was a loyal customer of Boohoo and the company has gone downhill!",1,2026-05-18 13:04:48+00:00,Trustpilot,even star contacting boohoos customer service get refund january customer service terrible get ai bot useless wait day day speak human never get back contacted many different way service honestly disgusting multimillion pound company make priority looking customer loyal customer boohoo company gone downhill
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Terrible customer service,"Terrible customer service. Complained about glue marks on trainers - and I've been informed that's how they're advertised online... ASOS really need to up their customer service skills. Won't repurchase from their website again, as they're happy to send out sub-par quality items.",1,2026-05-18 12:57:54+00:00,Trustpilot,terrible customer service complained glue mark trainer ive informed thats theyre advertised online asos really need customer service skill wont repurchase website theyre happy send subpar quality item
ASOS,Fast Fashion,As i cant leave 0 stars,"As i cant leave 0 stars. I ordered item Sat afternoon and was told delivery next day, item dispatched to Royal Mail. Royal Mail returned item to ASOS as issue with delivery address, told i would have to wait 10 days for refund, but this is only issued once they have they have the  item back 🤬 then like an idiot, because i wanted the item i reordered it but paid for a different courier next day delivery. As I was shafted the day before i await the email from DPD saying when they will deliver and i wait by the window for this. Half hour later, you have missed delivery today we will try again another day. 🤬🤬 then i contact customer service who are 0 help and wont even refund my delivery charge 🤬🤬🤬 will not be using again and will not recommend to anyone.",1,2026-05-18 12:00:08+00:00,Trustpilot,cant leave star ordered item sat afternoon told delivery next day item dispatched royal mail royal mail returned item asos issue delivery address told would wait day refund issued item back like idiot wanted item reordered paid different courier next day delivery shafted day await email dpd saying deliver wait window half hour later missed delivery today try another day contact customer service help wont even refund delivery charge using recommend anyone
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Absolutely shocking service.,"Absolutely shocking service. Firstly my boohoo order took weeks to arrive and then trying to manage my return with boohoo and marketplace items feels like an impossible task - you shouldn't be selling marketplace items with such awful processes in place! No proper customer service, just bots and FB messenger where you have to repeat yourself over and over, while waiting endlessly for a human to intervene. Will never waste my time, energy or money ordering again. Joke of an operation.",1,2026-05-18 11:52:41+00:00,Trustpilot,absolutely shocking service firstly boohoo order took week arrive trying manage return boohoo marketplace item feel like impossible task shouldnt selling marketplace item awful process place proper customer service bot fb messenger repeat waiting endlessly human intervene never waste time energy money ordering joke operation
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Refusal of refund,My order was dispatched 7 days after I ordered them which resulted in them arriving late. So sent the full parcel back. They are refusing to refund 1 item saying they never got it but it was returned with all the other items in original packaging. Not replied to my last email re this. Will be taking this further.,1,2026-05-18 11:39:47+00:00,Trustpilot,order dispatched day ordered resulted arriving late sent full parcel back refusing refund item saying never got returned item original packaging replied last email taking
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Overcharged me and didn’t help at all - now out of pocket,"Ordered some trainers from here recently and they had sent me the wrong pair, I ordered a specific pair priced at £82 and they had sent me a different pair that were slightly different in colour that were priced at £60.50, I ordered these at next day delivery as I did need these for that day specifically, I got in touch to explain the situation and said I was happy to keep the pair they had sent me but asked for the partial refund on the price difference as I had essentially overpaid, they refused and wouldn’t help me with this at all, I couldn’t return so now have a pair of trainers that I have overpaid for. Absolutely appalling service and borderline stealing, will never use this company again and would highly suggest to avoid them at all costs!",1,2026-05-18 11:31:09+00:00,Trustpilot,ordered trainer recently sent wrong pair ordered specific pair priced sent different pair slightly different colour priced ordered next day delivery need day specifically got touch explain situation said happy keep pair sent asked partial refund price difference essentially overpaid refused wouldnt help couldnt return pair trainer overpaid absolutely appalling service borderline stealing never use company would highly suggest avoid cost
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,20 days still waiting my refund after receiving faulty goods,Worst customer experience ever. Boohoo tagged on extra sneaky insurance at checkout. The items delivered were faulty and of terrible quality. I returned all the next day. They received my return 20 days ago and I still have not received my refund of nearly £60! When I contacted them Debenhams emailed me on this matter telling me they are awaiting a concession called IKRUSH to refund me. Who is that? I ordered from Boohoo not Debenhams or some unknown company I’ve never heard of? I just want my money back and will be closing my account with them and never ordering from them again. This is not the same company I used to order from the items looked like they came from some dodgy back street market and would fall apart in 5 minutes. Unless you want to chase for a unforthcoming refund and receive terrible quality items avoid Boohoo at all costs!,1,2026-05-17 23:06:35+00:00,Trustpilot,worst customer experience ever boohoo tagged extra sneaky insurance checkout item delivered faulty terrible quality returned next day received return day ago still received refund nearly contacted debenhams emailed matter telling awaiting concession called ikrush refund ordered boohoo debenhams unknown company ive never heard want money back closing account never ordering company used order item looked like came dodgy back street market would fall apart minute unless want chase unforthcoming refund receive terrible quality item avoid boohoo cost
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Send my return back in January and evri…,"Send my return back in January and evri lost it, I have contacted ASOS numerous times I can never get past the AI it doesn't understand anything and never help me just gives me the run around and promises me someone will contact me never happens and I never received my refund it's been nearly 6 months shocking terrible service I will never use ASOS again. How can a company not have a contact email where you can speak to human beings?",1,2026-05-17 22:47:46+00:00,Trustpilot,send return back january evri lost contacted asos numerous time never get past ai doesnt understand anything never help give run around promise someone contact never happens never received refund nearly month shocking terrible service never use asos company contact email speak human being
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Terrible customer support,"I have been a customer since 2013... literally when they had their old clunkier website. Support used to be so good, always customer centric, and they have gone very downhill. It's clear they are outsourcing the support, it's very hard to communicate and I find them incredibly rude when you need to process returns, especially when ASOS is at fault. Sithembile wasn't very polite and found them very abrupt.",1,2026-05-17 19:47:03+00:00,Trustpilot,customer since literally old clunkier website support used good always customer centric gone downhill clear outsourcing support hard communicate find incredibly rude need process return especially asos fault sithembile wasnt polite found abrupt
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Worse return process ever,"Terrible customer service, with AI integration that keeps on looping and cutting off the communication flow + unable to return items that are unopened in their original packaging, which is frankly speaking illegal.",1,2026-05-17 19:28:08+00:00,Trustpilot,terrible customer service ai integration keep looping cutting communication flow unable return item unopened original packaging frankly speaking illegal
ASOS,Fast Fashion,If I could rate it a 0 I would,"If I could rate it a 0 I would. Genuinely disgusting customer service. I ordered a top on their website from a different brand, when I went to return this top it wouldn’t let me. I’ve spent weeks talking to their Ai service and human support without any answer, numerous times I’ve been told that my enquiry would be reviewed and I would get an email back, but still I’ve not received one. Coming up to a month of me trying to get my return processed and I’m still no closer than when I first started.",1,2026-05-17 18:10:41+00:00,Trustpilot,could rate would genuinely disgusting customer service ordered top website different brand went return top wouldnt let ive spent week talking ai service human support without answer numerous time ive told enquiry would reviewed would get email back still ive received one coming month trying get return processed im still closer first started
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Return process and diabolical communication,"I have sent 3 emails and used Messenger chat on 5 occasions, it is insulting when they are asking for the same information each time with no offer of resolution.. I have returned 2 items out of 3 ordered and received no refund I have used Boohoo for years.... NOT ANYMORE",1,2026-05-17 14:54:20+00:00,Trustpilot,sent email used messenger chat occasion insulting asking information time offer resolution returned item ordered received refund used boohoo year anymore
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,I am beyond frustrated with the service…,"I am beyond frustrated with the service I’ve received regarding this gift card. I have now been told FIVE times that it has been resent via email, and I still have not received anything at all. Now i’m being asked to provide an alternative email address town which i did and now they’re saying I can’t do it like that??? At this point, it honestly feels like a scam. Every response takes over a day, there is no way to speak to an actual person, and I’m repeatedly being told the same thing with absolutely no resolution. I want this resolved. Either to be sent the gift card properly and make sure i get it before another response a day later or provide an alternative solution immediately. I also want details of how to make a formal complaint. (Already sent to Resolver) I have asked them to provide either a team leader/manager’s email address or a phone number where I can speak to someone directly, because this level of customer service is unacceptable and have been ignored every time.",1,2026-05-17 14:44:57+00:00,Trustpilot,beyond frustrated service ive received regarding gift card told five time resent via email still received anything im asked provide alternative email address town theyre saying cant like point honestly feel like scam every response take day way speak actual person im repeatedly told thing absolutely resolution want resolved either sent gift card properly make sure get another response day later provide alternative solution immediately also want detail make formal complaint already sent resolver asked provide either team leadermanagers email address phone number speak someone directly level customer service unacceptable ignored every time
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Do not order from these,"After placing my order it took longer than it said to come, the payment to make my order was a massive issue resulting in two of the same order coming. Therefore  had to return one of these and the process to do so took so much of my time, effort and money it’s ridiculous. They do this so you lose out on money as it’s too much effort to send back however I will be returning my item and I wouldn’t be surprised if they didn’t give me my money back! They have lost a customer and I will NOT be ordering from here ever again nor will I recommend it to anyone. I contacted them as when sorting out my return they don’t give you a label or qr code and expect you to sort it out yourself which they provide no information for.",1,2026-05-17 14:30:44+00:00,Trustpilot,placing order took longer said come payment make order massive issue resulting two order coming therefore return one process took much time effort money ridiculous lose money much effort send back however returning item wouldnt surprised didnt give money back lost customer ordering ever recommend anyone contacted sorting return dont give label qr code expect sort provide information
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Agent was hugely unhelpful,"Agent was hugely unhelpful. He continually sent stock replies saying he could do no more, when I had an issue I couldn’t fix without help. He refused to escalate it to a manager. He closed the chat without resolution. I found him really annoying. It completely puts me off ASOS. I wasn’t surprised to see a bad trustpilot number after my recent experience.",1,2026-05-17 12:10:33+00:00,Trustpilot,agent hugely unhelpful continually sent stock reply saying could issue couldnt fix without help refused escalate manager closed chat without resolution found really annoying completely put asos wasnt surprised see bad trustpilot number recent experience
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Terrible customer service,"Terrible customer service. Having been told that 2 of my returned items were “used and unsuitable condition” (which they weren’t as I hadn’t worn them), I contacted customer service. I was in the online chat for nearly an hour with “Jaya”, who provided no help whatsoever and when I asked for the matter to be escalated so I could discuss my refund, abruptly ended the chat with no warning. Now I am left paying for items which I don’t want, having not violated the returns policy. Very disappointing.",1,2026-05-17 10:57:07+00:00,Trustpilot,terrible customer service told returned item used unsuitable condition werent hadnt worn contacted customer service online chat nearly hour jaya provided help whatsoever asked matter escalated could discus refund abruptly ended chat warning left paying item dont want violated return policy disappointing
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,OMG the returns! Never again!!!,"Dresses don't cover bum so are like tops. Returns are absolutely horrendous! If you order 8 items in 1 order, you do 8 separate returns. Some of them are to the same supplier, but still separate QR codes, some require you to email the supplier to get the returns label (I haven't had an email back yet). I would have never ordered from here, if I knew it was this complicated . I've got in such a middle with returns. Also watch out for being charged automatically £10 extra for next day delivery and £4.99 for 'worry free returns'! An extra £15 for something not needed and automatically applied and can't be canceled.",1,2026-05-17 09:46:41+00:00,Trustpilot,dress dont cover bum like top return absolutely horrendous order item order separate return supplier still separate qr code require email supplier get return label havent email back yet would never ordered knew complicated ive got middle return also watch charged automatically extra next day delivery worry free return extra something needed automatically applied cant canceled
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Do not buy from Asos,Do not buy from Asos. Bought a jacket from Asos but was from one of their partner  very moda. I don’t keep the packaging as I was happy with the jacket. After wearing it once I notice there is a rip in the armpit.  is there an easy way to return it! absolutely not! they have made it so difficult to return that I will have to keep it.. will never buy from asos again,1,2026-05-16 22:36:11+00:00,Trustpilot,buy asos bought jacket asos one partner moda dont keep packaging happy jacket wearing notice rip armpit easy way return absolutely made difficult return keep never buy asos
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,I returned 2 dresses,I returned 2 dresses. It clearly showed on my account that the 2 dresses were returned but I only got refunded for 1 dress. Impossible to get in contact with them. I emailed the customer support but have still to get a reply,1,2026-05-16 22:09:07+00:00,Trustpilot,returned dress clearly showed account dress returned got refunded dress impossible get contact emailed customer support still get reply
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Not what it used to be,"Not what it used to be! Avoid! Customer service is appalling - they have done away with humans and replaced them with an AI text service that only gets a real human involved if it deems it necessary, which then takes basically a full working day to get a response from, where the person will send a totally unhelpful message and then sign off leaving you to text the robot again and go through the entire situation with it all over again. I returned a skirt as it was bad quality, then got refunded for a totally different item on my order which was of less value. Now I am just fully not getting any response from texting them. I am getting no where in trying to get my money back and unfortunately opted for credit instead of a refund. Avoid the headache and shop elsewhere!!",1,2026-05-16 20:20:03+00:00,Trustpilot,used avoid customer service appalling done away human replaced ai text service get real human involved deems necessary take basically full working day get response person send totally unhelpful message sign leaving text robot go entire situation returned skirt bad quality got refunded totally different item order less value fully getting response texting getting trying get money back unfortunately opted credit instead refund avoid headache shop elsewhere
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Absolutely shocking company,"Absolutely shocking company! Sent wrong item, received 2 items of same, still on day 6 off poor communication speaking to a robot and still not resolved! Avoid!!!!",1,2026-05-16 17:50:09+00:00,Trustpilot,absolutely shocking company sent wrong item received item still day poor communication speaking robot still resolved avoid
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Customer service is almost impossible…,"Customer service is almost impossible to deal with. I received a faulty item and followed all the procedures they ask to do and was issued a gift card, despite the website saying you cannot receive one for faulty goods. When I contacted the AI I was told this should be reversed when the return was processed but get back into contact if it was not. To my surprise it wasn’t and now 3 days later I’m still trying to get a human to send more than one message without sending me back to the beginning.",1,2026-05-16 17:42:48+00:00,Trustpilot,customer service almost impossible deal received faulty item followed procedure ask issued gift card despite website saying receive one faulty good contacted ai told reversed return processed get back contact surprise wasnt day later im still trying get human send one message without sending back beginning
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Boohoo is a fraud company,"Boohoo is a fraud company, I ordered dresses last night and after payment, I didn’t get a confirmation of or receipt, no order history on my account and I have tried to contact BOOHOO, but there is no customer service just AI that doesn’t work and I am now out of pocket for my hard earned money and making a mistake of using BOOHOO AND being robbed by this company. I have contacted the authorities and have now started a campaign to inform the public not to use this fraudulent company.",1,2026-05-16 12:41:34+00:00,Trustpilot,boohoo fraud company ordered dress last night payment didnt get confirmation receipt order history account tried contact boohoo customer service ai doesnt work pocket hard earned money making mistake using boohoo robbed company contacted authority started campaign inform public use fraudulent company
Missguided,Fast Fashion,I will never order again from these,I will never order again from these. It took ages to come as it’s now not uk it comes from china. The quality was awful. The returning process was a nightmare. As you had to pay for the label then upload tracking details to them for be told incorrect details. I sent them numerous emails saying I paid over £5 to return have proof of purchase and tracking. I think they were exp me to just forget about it. Then it took ages for the refund finally to hit my account.,1,2026-05-16 10:18:06+00:00,Trustpilot,never order took age come uk come china quality awful returning process nightmare pay label upload tracking detail told incorrect detail sent numerous email saying paid return proof purchase tracking think exp forget took age refund finally hit account
ASOS,Fast Fashion,ASOS experience,"I genuinely want to know if anyone else has experienced this level of poor customer service from ASOS because this has honestly been exhausting. For more than 5 working days, I’ve been trying to get help from ASOS regarding an account issue that THEY created. I originally stopped using ASOS back in 2020 after dealing with similar problems, but recently decided to give them another chance, hoping their service had improved. Big mistake. After placing an order, a glitch signed me out of my account. When I tried logging back in, my account was suddenly blocked for no reason. Since then, I’ve spoken to 6 different customer service agents, and every single conversation has been exactly the same: “Please check your junk/spam folder.” “A specialist team will contact you.” That’s it. No actual help. No updates. No accountability. What makes it worse is that the chats are often ended midway through the conversation, right after I spend time explaining the issue in detail again and again. It genuinely feels like customers are being pushed in circles until they give up. At this point, I honestly question whether these are real support agents or just scripted AI responses repeating the same lines with zero empathy or understanding. How is it acceptable for a customer to spend days chasing support just to access their own account and order? This isn’t customer service anymore, it feels like mental exhaustion by design. Customers are expected to repeatedly explain problems, wait endlessly, and receive no real resolution or even basic communication. And this so-called “specialist team”? Apparently they are too “special” to provide updates, timelines, or even acknowledge what’s happening. According to the customer advisors, only the specialist team knows what’s going on, yet they never contact you. At this point, I’m starting to think this mysterious team doesn’t even exist. If anyone else has experienced this kind of treatment from ASOS recently, please share your experience below because customers deserve better than this.",1,2026-05-16 10:01:55+00:00,Trustpilot,genuinely want know anyone else experienced level poor customer service asos honestly exhausting working day ive trying get help asos regarding account issue created originally stopped using asos back dealing similar problem recently decided give another chance hoping service improved big mistake placing order glitch signed account tried logging back account suddenly blocked reason since ive spoken different customer service agent every single conversation exactly please check junkspam folder specialist team contact thats actual help update accountability make worse chat often ended midway conversation right spend time explaining issue detail genuinely feel like customer pushed circle give point honestly question whether real support agent scripted ai response repeating line zero empathy understanding acceptable customer spend day chasing support access account order isnt customer service anymore feel like mental exhaustion design customer expected repeatedly explain problem wait endlessly receive real resolution even basic communication socalled specialist team apparently special provide update timeline even acknowledge whats happening according customer advisor specialist team know whats going yet never contact point im starting think mysterious team doesnt even exist anyone else experienced kind treatment asos recently please share experience customer deserve better
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Non existent customer service,"Ordered two full co-ord outfits from Boohoo and only half of the items arrived. Extremely disappointing service. What made the situation even worse was trying to contact customer service. The website mainly pushes customers toward Apple/iPhone messaging services or Facebook support, neither of which I use or have access to. I also attempted to contact them through Instagram and received no response. It’s incredibly frustrating that a major company can make customer support so inaccessible while also failing to properly resolve order issues. Customers should not have to chase multiple platforms just to report incomplete orders. Very poor experience overall and not acceptable.",1,2026-05-16 09:36:27+00:00,Trustpilot,ordered two full coord outfit boohoo half item arrived extremely disappointing service made situation even worse trying contact customer service website mainly push customer toward appleiphone messaging service facebook support neither use access also attempted contact instagram received response incredibly frustrating major company make customer support inaccessible also failing properly resolve order issue customer chase multiple platform report incomplete order poor experience overall acceptable
ASOS,Fast Fashion,ASOS premium in Ireland..,I bought ASOS premium in Ireland but they failed to mention that that service does not actually exist in Ireland. So now everytime I place an order it gives me the wrong estimated delivery date. Which they will not give me a refund for. I just find it disgraceful that you can pay for a service that doesn’t actually exist in my country.,1,2026-05-16 05:05:12+00:00,Trustpilot,bought asos premium ireland failed mention service actually exist ireland everytime place order give wrong estimated delivery date give refund find disgraceful pay service doesnt actually exist country
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Love the t-shirts,"Love the t-shirts, wash well and really soft. Also have the shacket, another great buy.  Did have a slight problem with a return but was resolved to my satisfaction.",5,2026-05-15 19:53:18+00:00,Trustpilot,love tshirts wash well really soft also shacket another great buy slight problem return resolved satisfaction
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Terrible company and customer service as expected,"Terrible customer service as per. Emailed regarding a transaction for delivery insurance which I got charged £15 for as they select automatically at checkout to get people, to which I only noticed after (it wasn't even on my confirmation email) and they don't allow you to cancel your order even seconds after.  I had 3 generic responses from CS as expected, to which I then requested either goodwill or complaints email/T&C's, to which I am now being ignored. They haven't resolved a complaint, attempted to or even replied at this point as they think ignoring is easier. Haven't bought off them in years and now I remember why. No wonder the company is going under",1,2026-05-15 16:54:47+00:00,Trustpilot,terrible customer service per emailed regarding transaction delivery insurance got charged select automatically checkout get people noticed wasnt even confirmation email dont allow cancel order even second generic response c expected requested either goodwill complaint emailtcs ignored havent resolved complaint attempted even replied point think ignoring easier havent bought year remember wonder company going
ASOS,Fast Fashion,I placed an order that never arrived,"Order never arrived — bank had to refund me I never received my ASOS order. The courier confirmed they had not received the parcel from ASOS. ASOS repeatedly stalled me on chat, asking me to “check back later” instead of resolving the issue. Today I was left waiting 15 minutes while the agent claimed to be contacting the courier, then the chat was ended with no update. I eventually had to go through my bank, who refunded me and blocked my card from ASOS due to the way the situation was handled. Very disappointing experience.",1,2026-05-15 15:13:41+00:00,Trustpilot,order never arrived bank refund never received asos order courier confirmed received parcel asos asos repeatedly stalled chat asking check back later instead resolving issue today left waiting minute agent claimed contacting courier chat ended update eventually go bank refunded blocked card asos due way situation handled disappointing experience
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Bought plenty of items over the years…,"Bought plenty of items over the years and have always been happy with the quality of product and service. Recently ordered an item which turned out to be oversize which I missed at the time of ordering however, Dan from customer service was great and actioned a return / refund with no issues. Would recommend.",5,2026-05-15 14:51:12+00:00,Trustpilot,bought plenty item year always happy quality product service recently ordered item turned oversize missed time ordering however dan customer service great actioned return refund issue would recommend
Primark,Fast Fashion,Brief visit…,"Bought 2 packs of boxer shorts for a family member. They were deemed ""unsuitable"" and were left unopened. I returned the next day to my local Primark in Llandudno,in order to obtain a refund (£12). However, I was informed that refunds were not available on certain items which, included boxers. I explained that the items had not been unpacked, and certainly not worn, it having been less than 24hrs since they were purchased. This had no effect on the stores decision, and  after having returned home I noticed the refund ""exclusions"" on the rear of the, receipt.  This information serves no purpose whatsoever as the purchase has already been made, surely it would make more sense for the store policy to be made clear prior to the purchase in order to avoid any disappointment and further visits to the store involved?.",1,2026-05-15 11:42:14+00:00,Trustpilot,bought pack boxer short family member deemed unsuitable left unopened returned next day local primark llandudnoin order obtain refund however informed refund available certain item included boxer explained item unpacked certainly worn less hr since purchased effect store decision returned home noticed refund exclusion rear receipt information serf purpose whatsoever purchase already made surely would make sense store policy made clear prior purchase order avoid disappointment visit store involved
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Scam,"DO NOT buy from here if you plan to return items. Chasing a refund has been an absolute nightmare. Well over a month of emailing back anf forth, speaking to different members of the team and I'm still sorting out a refund. I'm told a refund has been provided yet the amount is still not reflecting in my bank and it's been over the 5 day period. I want to escalate both this company and Boohoo to small claims court. Awful customer service experiences on both.",1,2026-05-15 11:03:57+00:00,Trustpilot,buy plan return item chasing refund absolute nightmare well month emailing back anf forth speaking different member team im still sorting refund im told refund provided yet amount still reflecting bank day period want escalate company boohoo small claim court awful customer service experience
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Conned!,Placed an order tonight for some clothes. Chose to pay by Apple Pay an amount of £24. Once the payment went through it charged me an extra £9.99 for premier delivery. I don’t chose this and when I tried to get a refund they said it’s non refundable. Be aware if you’re paying by Apple Pay as the amount it shows is not what you end up paying.,1,2026-05-14 21:48:09+00:00,Trustpilot,placed order tonight clothes chose pay apple pay amount payment went charged extra premier delivery dont chose tried get refund said non refundable aware youre paying apple pay amount show end paying
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Never buy anything from this scum…,Never buy anything from this scum company.  They won't accept me returning a shorts with all labels on it because I open the package.  I have never heard a more ridiculous excuse.  Totally scum never again,1,2026-05-14 20:24:27+00:00,Trustpilot,never buy anything scum company wont accept returning short label open package never heard ridiculous excuse totally scum never
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Stealing money,"They automatically charge £10 for some non-refundable ‘cover’, you have to untick at the bottom which a lot of people miss. They then refuse to acknowledge how sneaky this is and just keep saying it’s non-refundable. I’d like my stolen £10 back",1,2026-05-14 19:37:12+00:00,Trustpilot,automatically charge nonrefundable cover untick bottom lot people miss refuse acknowledge sneaky keep saying nonrefundable id like stolen back
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Veey quick response to an e-mail…,"Veey quick response to an e-mail enquiry. Sad that the item in question is no longer stocked, and not visible in resale sites - which the advice given also signposted.",5,2026-05-14 17:22:47+00:00,Trustpilot,veey quick response email enquiry sad item question longer stocked visible resale site advice given also signposted
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Very disappointing experience with…,"Very disappointing experience with BoohooMAN. On May 5, I paid €173 through their app using iDEAL, but the order never went through while the money was still deducted from my account. Since May 7, I have been contacting customer service and sent multiple screenshots of the payment and previous conversations as proof. Despite this, I keep receiving the same questions and no real solution. They continue asking for an order number even though there is no order number because the order failed. I have never experienced such poor customer service before. No clear communication, no proper investigation, and still no refund or solution after all this time. Extremely frustrating and disappointing.",1,2026-05-14 15:30:58+00:00,Trustpilot,disappointing experience boohooman may paid app using ideal order never went money still deducted account since may contacting customer service sent multiple screenshots payment previous conversation proof despite keep receiving question real solution continue asking order number even though order number order failed never experienced poor customer service clear communication proper investigation still refund solution time extremely frustrating disappointing
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Excellent quality and excellent…,"Excellent quality and excellent service. I order a few items, one had a small mark and they refunded straight away. Love this company",5,2026-05-14 15:19:09+00:00,Trustpilot,excellent quality excellent service order item one small mark refunded straight away love company
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Absolute joke of an excuse for…,"Absolute joke of an excuse for ""customer service"". The incorrect item was sent and after much back and forth and automated replies I have to wait up to 15 days for a resolution. Buyer beware. Never again.",1,2026-05-14 14:05:59+00:00,Trustpilot,absolute joke excuse customer service incorrect item sent much back forth automated reply wait day resolution buyer beware never
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Worst customer services and unsympathetic advisors …,"If there was a opportunity to give one star I would. This has got to be the worst online experience and customer services I have encountered. My item was delivered elsewhere- reported it to BOOHOO & provided evidence that l didn't recieve it they were due to give me a refund but within 24 hours of confirmation of the declaration they said they wouldn't give me a refund as I had already received the item. Pictures provided of my door and the one from Evri wasn't the same, wasn't even at home at the time but yet still the picture from Evri who's just as bad showed a man taking the parcel. Good job PayPal step in. I will never order from BOOHOO again - un emphatic, cold and uncaring customer services who deliberately delays responses to customers.",1,2026-05-14 13:38:58+00:00,Trustpilot,opportunity give one star would got worst online experience customer service encountered item delivered elsewhere reported boohoo provided evidence l didnt recieve due give refund within hour confirmation declaration said wouldnt give refund already received item picture provided door one evri wasnt wasnt even home time yet still picture evri who bad showed man taking parcel good job paypal step never order boohoo un emphatic cold uncaring customer service deliberately delay response customer
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Complicated returns service,"Complicated returns service.  Same order, 3 different returns methods - post office/Evri/Inpost. Resulting in me erroneously returning a package via Inpost not Evri. BooHoo unable to find parcel despite tracking number given & after many, many, many contacts with customer services they have reluctantly decided to refund me.",1,2026-05-14 11:19:32+00:00,Trustpilot,complicated return service order different return method post officeevriinpost resulting erroneously returning package via inpost evri boohoo unable find parcel despite tracking number given many many many contact customer service reluctantly decided refund
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Very good service,Very good service.  Generally good quality and no issue with replacing a faulty item. Thank you.,4,2026-05-14 10:40:00+00:00,Trustpilot,good service generally good quality issue replacing faulty item thank
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Worst ever retailer to shop,"Worst ever retailer to shop. Item was not at described. Trouser has  two  defects on it.  Returns and refund process too complicated,  no help at all from them. I would not recommend at all. Please avoid missguided!",1,2026-05-14 06:24:52+00:00,Trustpilot,worst ever retailer shop item described trouser two defect return refund process complicated help would recommend please avoid missguided
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,useless customer service,"Most unhelpful and useless customer service. They charge for returns even if you're a premier member, it's impossible to contact customer service or hold a ongoing conversation about any issues. They don't listen to anything you say and just responds with complete nonsense. It's a headache dealing with them.",1,2026-05-14 01:51:28+00:00,Trustpilot,unhelpful useless customer service charge return even youre premier member impossible contact customer service hold ongoing conversation issue dont listen anything say responds complete nonsense headache dealing
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Don’t bother messaging customer service,Had an issue with a return so I used their text message service. It took 10 hours for someone to finally message me back with just a link to the returns portal but I had issues with the link and then they disappeared. This happened multiple times where someone would message me back ask one question and then disappear again. Not very useful at all. Eventually a QR code was finally generated for me and Theo asked me to leave a review and “make sure to mention my name in the review” even though he was the 6th person to message me. Well here is your review Theo.,1,2026-05-13 20:30:54+00:00,Trustpilot,issue return used text message service took hour someone finally message back link return portal issue link disappeared happened multiple time someone would message back ask one question disappear useful eventually qr code finally generated theo asked leave review make sure mention name review even though th person message well review theo
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,"Good products, excellent customer service",I have made several purchases from Rapanui and love their products. Recently I had an issue with a faulty tshirt - this was not a problem for them! I received excellent customer service from Max and a replacement tshirt is on its way. Thanks guys.,5,2026-05-13 11:13:48+00:00,Trustpilot,made several purchase rapanui love product recently issue faulty tshirt problem received excellent customer service max replacement tshirt way thanks guy
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,I needed assistance as I ordered…,I needed assistance as I ordered clothes online but was waiting on a confirmation email so I messaged the care centre and Kai was very helpful and got back to me straight away.,4,2026-05-13 10:10:06+00:00,Trustpilot,needed assistance ordered clothes online waiting confirmation email messaged care centre kai helpful got back straight away
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,No confirmation email…,"I had not received a confirmation email for my order. I reached out to messenger and spoke with Kai. Was very helpful in letting me know my order number, that my order has been dispatched and the expected delivery date. This has helped put my mind at ease. Hopefully will arrive with no further worries!",4,2026-05-13 04:01:56+00:00,Trustpilot,received confirmation email order reached messenger spoke kai helpful letting know order number order dispatched expected delivery date helped put mind ease hopefully arrive worry
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Worst customer service ever!,Worst customer service ever!! Still owing me a refund from a month a go. Constantly fobbing me off asking for the same information and not following anything through!! Useless!,1,2026-05-12 22:18:04+00:00,Trustpilot,worst customer service ever still owing refund month go constantly fobbing asking information following anything useless
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Best aprons in the land by far!!!!,"Best aprons in the land by far!!!! Design, quality, production, attention to detail absolutely second to none! Lovely communication from Emma too! Sarah….@food.magpie",5,2026-05-12 22:05:00+00:00,Trustpilot,best apron land far design quality production attention detail absolutely second none lovely communication emma sarahfoodmagpie
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Poor quality of clothing,Poor quality of clothing. After one wash of all of my items have faded massively. Also the tights come in ‘one size’… I’m 5’10 and these are so loose they wrinkle around my knees and ankles!,3,2026-05-12 17:22:20+00:00,Trustpilot,poor quality clothing one wash item faded massively also tights come one size im loose wrinkle around knee ankle
Missguided,Fast Fashion,If I could give zero stars I would.,"If I could give zero stars I would. No confirmation of order, and when it did arrive was of very poor quality. To return you have to pay the highest shipping fees, no cheaper alternatives, so pointless as most of the refund would be gone on return delivery. Avoid, avoid, avoid!",1,2026-05-12 08:13:32+00:00,Trustpilot,could give zero star would confirmation order arrive poor quality return pay highest shipping fee cheaper alternative pointless refund would gone return delivery avoid avoid avoid
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Very poor customer service!!!,"Very poor customer service!!! Firstly, why is  there a bot handling issues? Every time an agent finally joins the chat, they send one quick message and then disappear. When I reply, there is no response, and I’m forced to start all over again answering the same automated bot questions. This is utterly ridiculous and extremely frustrating. My issue is that I received my Boohoo refund as store credit. This happened because store credit is set as the default option when requesting a return. I would never have knowingly selected credit, as I paid using Klarna and now have an outstanding payment due. Yes, I did not manually change the option, however under the Consumer Contracts Regulations 2013, refunds must be issued to the original payment method unless the customer has expressly agreed otherwise. A pre-selected default option does not constitute valid consent. I know many other customers have experienced this exact same issue, which makes this appear to be a deliberate company tactic. I find this completely unacceptable and I am appalled by both the lack of transparency and the poor customer service I have received. I demand a refund to my original payment method immediately. This is unacceptable, and if it is not resolved, I will escalate this further as this is misleading and a breach of consumer rights. I expect action, not another automated response!",1,2026-05-12 06:26:42+00:00,Trustpilot,poor customer service firstly bot handling issue every time agent finally join chat send one quick message disappear reply response im forced start answering automated bot question utterly ridiculous extremely frustrating issue received boohoo refund store credit happened store credit set default option requesting return would never knowingly selected credit paid using klarna outstanding payment due yes manually change option however consumer contract regulation refund must issued original payment method unless customer expressly agreed otherwise preselected default option constitute valid consent know many customer experienced exact issue make appear deliberate company tactic find completely unacceptable appalled lack transparency poor customer service received demand refund original payment method immediately unacceptable resolved escalate misleading breach consumer right expect action another automated response
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Company sent wrong item,"Company sent wrong item. I was stuck in a loop with their AI tool for days as they requested photos of the mistake but responded to the photos saying they could not process photos. Then I got transferred to two different reps who both said I would have to send the item back, have them process the return, then reach out to them and they would issue a refund or resend what I ordered. I repeatedly explained I could send the incorrect item back but as evidenced by my paying for rushed shipping, I needed them to get my item to me ASAP. this seems like a reasonable request considering it’s their mistake. To my request they kept responding that I wouldn’t need to pay a return fee. On the wrong item. That they sent.",1,2026-05-11 23:37:35+00:00,Trustpilot,company sent wrong item stuck loop ai tool day requested photo mistake responded photo saying could process photo got transferred two different rep said would send item back process return reach would issue refund resend ordered repeatedly explained could send incorrect item back evidenced paying rushed shipping needed get item asap seems like reasonable request considering mistake request kept responding wouldnt need pay return fee wrong item sent
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Don't bother with text message Customer Services,"Placed an order on 7th May with next day delivery (selected premier which is listed as NEXT DAY DELIVERY for a year). Order is missing and all I receive from the Customer Service text is an AI response. Got through to 3 different advisors who said to wait until 20th to see if it arrives. I messaged again to ask why my query of next day delivery being refunded was being ignored and was told by Harper that the 'Premier' is a subscription?! Shows on the website as PREMIER NEXT DAY DELIVERY. When I questioned this, I've been put back through to the frustrating AI rubbish. Other advisors have been helpful but Harper has been so rude and dismissive. I have opened a case with resolver to get this sorted.",1,2026-05-11 22:36:58+00:00,Trustpilot,placed order th may next day delivery selected premier listed next day delivery year order missing receive customer service text ai response got different advisor said wait th see arrives messaged ask query next day delivery refunded ignored told harper premier subscription show website premier next day delivery questioned ive put back frustrating ai rubbish advisor helpful harper rude dismissive opened case resolver get sorted
Missguided,Fast Fashion,If only I could give 0 stars,I would looove to give this 0 stars if I could! Ordered through Missguided and was labelled as a oversized t-shirt that says ‘Summer Forever’ but actually it says ‘Sumwon Forever’ which is the name of the Shein-like company. The material is also diabolical - it’s the same material as a netball vest but worse somehow. What tops all of this off is that I have had to pay £5 of my own money to do a return which is insane in 2026. I’d keep it and resell it on Vinted if the quality wasn’t so bad. Won’t be ordering from here again.,1,2026-05-11 21:23:03+00:00,Trustpilot,would looove give star could ordered missguided labelled oversized tshirt say summer forever actually say sumwon forever name sheinlike company material also diabolical material netball vest worse somehow top pay money return insane id keep resell vinted quality wasnt bad wont ordering
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Absolutely brilliant after care service!,"I had a faulty dungaree clip, I asked for a replacement clip and Liz responded promptly to my query and replaced my dungarees without any quibble. I would certainly recommend L&Y's after care service. Absolutely brilliant!",5,2026-05-11 18:48:37+00:00,Trustpilot,faulty dungaree clip asked replacement clip liz responded promptly query replaced dungaree without quibble would certainly recommend lys care service absolutely brilliant
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,I am extremely frustrated with the customer service support,"I am extremely frustrated with the customer service from Boohoo. I have been waiting for a week for someone to get back to me regarding a simple query about a wrong parcel and a return label. Despite my efforts, I keep receiving the same questions via email without any progress. I've also requested to file an official complaint and have asked for my issue to be escalated, but I have received no reply and continue to be ignored. It's scandalous that after a week of constant emails, there’s still no resolution in sight. I used to shop frequently at Boohoo, but this experience has made me reconsider. There’s no one to speak to directly, and the lack of communication is unacceptable. I will not be buying from Boohoo again. ​",1,2026-05-11 17:54:53+00:00,Trustpilot,extremely frustrated customer service boohoo waiting week someone get back regarding simple query wrong parcel return label despite effort keep receiving question via email without progress ive also requested file official complaint asked issue escalated received reply continue ignored scandalous week constant email there still resolution sight used shop frequently boohoo experience made reconsider there one speak directly lack communication unacceptable buying boohoo
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Bad customer service,"This has been a horrible experience, the customer service is horrible and you can only get connected to ai bots . My order has been delayed about 4 times and when I did eventually get connected to a person on WhatsApp they where just about as helpful as the ai bot and I’m still waiting for a reply and my order . This has been a really disappointing experience so far and if my order ever shows up the product will have to extremely good to make up for this horrible experience. Very disappointing",1,2026-05-11 17:44:06+00:00,Trustpilot,horrible experience customer service horrible get connected ai bot order delayed time eventually get connected person whatsapp helpful ai bot im still waiting reply order really disappointing experience far order ever show product extremely good make horrible experience disappointing
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Answered my question and sent me a…,Answered my question and sent me a replacement when my first package disappeared into the tracking ether. Thank you so much!,5,2026-05-11 17:35:36+00:00,Trustpilot,answered question sent replacement first package disappeared tracking ether thank much
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Sadly my order was lost in transit to…,"Sadly my order was lost in transit to US, not a surprise in this day and age.  They immediately replaced and refunded.",5,2026-05-11 14:35:25+00:00,Trustpilot,sadly order lost transit u surprise day age immediately replaced refunded
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Also from abroad (The Netherlands) I…,"Also from abroad (The Netherlands) I can confirm that Rapanui is a great company with a fantastic customer service. It can take a while before you receive a reply, but once in contact; the communication is fast, smooth and simply fantastic. Special thanks to Max! In short: great company, great service - I will definitely order my clothing again.",5,2026-05-11 01:49:14+00:00,Trustpilot,also abroad netherlands confirm rapanui great company fantastic customer service take receive reply contact communication fast smooth simply fantastic special thanks max short great company great service definitely order clothing
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Great find...,Great customer service and I love the long and short sleeved t-shirts and the knitted sweaters.,5,2026-05-09 15:19:09+00:00,Trustpilot,great customer service love long short sleeved tshirts knitted sweater
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,First encounter made me dubious... however,"First T shirt I bought was faulty As was its replacement -in exactly the same place. It was a gift for my daughter , so doubly annoying However Customer Sevice were excellent.  Made sure a (checked for quality ) T shirt was posted direct  to my daughter .It arrived within a week  She says it feels really nice on the skin . Very soft good quality Not yet washed ...",4,2026-05-08 19:19:33+00:00,Trustpilot,first shirt bought faulty replacement exactly place gift daughter doubly annoying however customer sevice excellent made sure checked quality shirt posted direct daughter arrived within week say feel really nice skin soft good quality yet washed
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,I was impressed with the speed with…,"I was impressed with the speed with which my returns were dealt with. Absolutely hassle free. Congratulations to Lucy & Yak for choosing to use models who may not necessarily conform to common perceptions of 'a model'. Each one brings their own beauty. Last but not least, the fabric print on my tankini was super and the quality was great. I am only sorry that it wasn't quite the style for me.",5,2026-05-08 18:48:30+00:00,Trustpilot,impressed speed return dealt absolutely hassle free congratulation lucy yak choosing use model may necessarily conform common perception model one brings beauty last least fabric print tankini super quality great sorry wasnt quite style
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,The clothes are never in stock of the…,"The clothes are never in stock of the size that you need. Have been trying to get a particular item since before Christmas and have been told it will not be back in for quite some time. Went to buy another item, also out of stock. Customer Service advised it came in other sizes...unbelievable.",2,2026-05-08 11:42:50+00:00,Trustpilot,clothes never stock size need trying get particular item since christmas told back quite time went buy another item also stock customer service advised came sizesunbelievable
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,a return to clothing as a form of respect,"'There are garments one wears… and then there are garments one enters into relationship with. My experience with Rapanui has been of the latter. I came to them quietly, seeking not simply comfort, but congruence — a harmony between what touches my skin and what I hold to be true. Their pieces, particularly the underwear and trackies I now find myself living in, carry a rare integrity. The fabric does not feel manufactured in haste; it feels considered, almost reverent. There is a softness that is not merely tactile, but energetic — as though the material itself has been allowed to remain close to its origin. Rapanui’s commitment to organic fibres, circular design, and renewable production is not just branding rhetoric; it is perceptible. One senses it in the breathability of the cotton, in the absence of harshness, in the way the garments settle on the body without resistance. It is clothing that does not impose — it accompanies. In a world saturated with synthetic urgency, there is something profoundly grounding about wearing pieces that feel clean in both composition and intention. For those of us who are attentive to the subtle dialogue between body, environment, and energy, this matters deeply. What we wear becomes an extension of our field. I have worn their underwear and trackies not as occasional comforts, but as daily companions — and they have held their shape, their softness, and their quiet presence with grace. Others speak similarly of their quality and natural materials, often highlighting their durability and comfort, alongside a genuine commitment to sustainability. This is not fast fashion. It is something slower, more conscious — a return, perhaps, to clothing as a form of respect: for the body, for the earth, and for the unseen threads that connect the two. For me, purity in clothing is not an aesthetic preference; it is a practice. And in that regard, Rapanui feels aligned.'",5,2026-05-07 12:53:48+00:00,Trustpilot,garment one wear garment one enters relationship experience rapanui latter came quietly seeking simply comfort congruence harmony touch skin hold true piece particularly underwear trackies find living carry rare integrity fabric feel manufactured haste feel considered almost reverent softness merely tactile energetic though material allowed remain close origin rapanuis commitment organic fibre circular design renewable production branding rhetoric perceptible one sens breathability cotton absence harshness way garment settle body without resistance clothing impose accompanies world saturated synthetic urgency something profoundly grounding wearing piece feel clean composition intention u attentive subtle dialogue body environment energy matter deeply wear becomes extension field worn underwear trackies occasional comfort daily companion held shape softness quiet presence grace others speak similarly quality natural material often highlighting durability comfort alongside genuine commitment sustainability fast fashion something slower conscious return perhaps clothing form respect body earth unseen thread connect two purity clothing aesthetic preference practice regard rapanui feel aligned
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Honestly fantastic!,"Honestly, I wasn’t expecting the quality of the t shirts to be so good! I tried one, then ordered 4 more! I’m hoping they don’t discontinue the oversized t shirts now I’ve found them! Just fab shape and fabric! Excellent service and prompt delivery.",5,2026-05-06 13:58:24+00:00,Trustpilot,honestly wasnt expecting quality shirt good tried one ordered im hoping dont discontinue oversized shirt ive found fab shape fabric excellent service prompt delivery
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,As always L&Y were super,As always L&Y were super helpful in resolving my issue.  Points don’t seem to have linked onto my account properly but it’s all been sorted manually! Always love how helpful and quick staff are any time I have a query. Overall I think L&Y have the best customer service from any company I’ve interacted with. Always so kind and polite.,5,2026-05-05 20:40:59+00:00,Trustpilot,always ly super helpful resolving issue point dont seem linked onto account properly sorted manually always love helpful quick staff time query overall think ly best customer service company ive interacted always kind polite
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Quality of goods and great Customer Service,"It has been my 4th positive experience with RAPANUI. Always on a lookout for organic cotton quality stuff, I am never disappointed with RAPANUI. Already purchased beautiful hats and scarves, and recently oversized zip hoodies in three colours. Strongly recommend, just a heads up, you need a size smaller, as they come really large. I had to exchange for smaller ones. That was not an issue, as the Customer Service was 5 STAR. Max kept me informed all the way. Snugged in my warm and lovely hoodie already. I will definitely come again :)",5,2026-05-05 16:30:16+00:00,Trustpilot,th positive experience rapanui always lookout organic cotton quality stuff never disappointed rapanui already purchased beautiful hat scarf recently oversized zip hoodies three colour strongly recommend head need size smaller come really large exchange smaller one issue customer service star max kept informed way snugged warm lovely hoodie already definitely come
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,What a brilliant level of service,"What a brilliant level of service, chose the wrong size on something but didn’t realise until it was past the 30 day return period. I sent an email and was granted a credit note. I already loved Lucy and Yak but now I love them even more",5,2026-05-05 13:32:26+00:00,Trustpilot,brilliant level service chose wrong size something didnt realise past day return period sent email granted credit note already loved lucy yak love even
Primark,Fast Fashion,Cashier Lazy,"Portsmouth, Commercial Road branch. Waited a long time in queue as they walled off access to the self-checkouts and rather than squeeze by everyone behind us we stuck it out. Got to til, served. Was fine. Nothing special. My mum was stood right next to me holding her items to be served right after me. Cashier mad eye contact with us both and clearly noted that my mum was also to be served. Got to the end, pointed out customer survey on receipt and then declared she wasn't serving anymore and left the checkout, leaving my mum holding her items and myself stood there like absolute idiots. We then had to wait further for the checkout next to us to finish refunding their items before we could then be served. At no point whatsoever in my transaction was it indicated, even remotely, that this was the last customer she would be serving. To add insult to total injury the response to the customer survey was unsatisfactory - a copy paste response of oops, we will pass this along. No wonder the ratings on here are so low the store is a disgrace. Cheap clothes, cheap service. I was so incensed after the appalling display that I've come here to write about it!",1,2026-05-03 13:18:08+00:00,Trustpilot,portsmouth commercial road branch waited long time queue walled access selfcheckouts rather squeeze everyone behind u stuck got til served fine nothing special mum stood right next holding item served right cashier mad eye contact u clearly noted mum also served got end pointed customer survey receipt declared wasnt serving anymore left checkout leaving mum holding item stood like absolute idiot wait checkout next u finish refunding item could served point whatsoever transaction indicated even remotely last customer would serving add insult total injury response customer survey unsatisfactory copy paste response oops pas along wonder rating low store disgrace cheap clothes cheap service incensed appalling display ive come write
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,I had an issue with my delivery,"I had an issue with my delivery due to DHL, who unfortunately didn’t cooperate at all and ended up returning my package to the UK without even attempting proper delivery. However, the customer service from Lucy & Yak was absolutely amazing. They were incredibly kind, understanding, and genuinely felt sorry about the situation. They helped me as much as they could, kept communicating clearly, and even offered me a discount because of everything that happened. I also received sincere apologies, which I really appreciated. I’ve always been a big fan of Lucy & Yak, and this experience only confirmed that. Their clothing is not only super fun and unique, but also really great quality especially the trousers, and I love their shirts and sweaters as well. Thank you for the great service Ella (and the rest of the team) 💛",5,2026-05-01 18:57:11+00:00,Trustpilot,issue delivery due dhl unfortunately didnt cooperate ended returning package uk without even attempting proper delivery however customer service lucy yak absolutely amazing incredibly kind understanding genuinely felt sorry situation helped much could kept communicating clearly even offered discount everything happened also received sincere apology really appreciated ive always big fan lucy yak experience confirmed clothing super fun unique also really great quality especially trouser love shirt sweater well thank great service ella rest team
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Anyone know how to complain higher…,Anyone know how to complain higher still no sign of my refund after chasing customer serves and sending proof or return?,1,2026-05-01 09:46:31+00:00,Trustpilot,anyone know complain higher still sign refund chasing customer serf sending proof return
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Visited the Rose St shop in Edinburgh,"Visited the Rose St shop in Edinburgh.  Walked in and instantly felt like a little person in a sweetie shop! So many gorgeous colours, designs and materials. Staff were lovely too, very chatty and happy to help (I would be too if I worked there, it’s a dream of a shop!) Treated myself to dungarees, trousers and a t-shirt. Don’t usually treat myself like that but could not resist as there’s so many nice things. Quality of the clothing is great too. Overall a very positive experience 🙂",5,2026-04-30 18:50:55+00:00,Trustpilot,visited rose st shop edinburgh walked instantly felt like little person sweetie shop many gorgeous colour design material staff lovely chatty happy help would worked dream shop treated dungaree trouser tshirt dont usually treat like could resist there many nice thing quality clothing great overall positive experience
Missguided,Fast Fashion,They never delivered my parcel and they…,They never delivered my parcel and they said they did. Felons ! Should not be allowed to sell . Customer service should take action .,1,2026-04-30 15:58:48+00:00,Trustpilot,never delivered parcel said felon allowed sell customer service take action
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Ignoring customers,"I contacted Missguided to arrange a return and initially received a response with a return address, but was told I had to cover the postage myself. Most companies now provide prepaid return labels, so had I known this, I wouldn’t have placed the order—especially when returning multiple items. I’ve now returned the items and provided full proof of postage, but despite emailing three times, I’ve had no response. It feels like my emails are being ignored to delay or avoid issuing a refund. Very disappointing experience, and I won’t be ordering from them again. I will let paypal know in order to get my refund back and I will post this all over my Instagram following and tiktok.",1,2026-04-30 13:55:53+00:00,Trustpilot,contacted missguided arrange return initially received response return address told cover postage company provide prepaid return label known wouldnt placed orderespecially returning multiple item ive returned item provided full proof postage despite emailing three time ive response feel like email ignored delay avoid issuing refund disappointing experience wont ordering let paypal know order get refund back post instagram following tiktok
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Awful non-responsive customer service…,"Awful non-responsive customer service that just ignore your emails despite saying they will respond within 24 hours, that's a joke! The returns policy does not state anywhere that the customer pays for return postage but they do. Just wondering if anyone actually ever receives their refund? Honest advice would be to AVOID this SH*T SHOW",1,2026-04-29 22:24:20+00:00,Trustpilot,awful nonresponsive customer service ignore email despite saying respond within hour thats joke return policy state anywhere customer pay return postage wondering anyone actually ever receives refund honest advice would avoid sht show
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Fantastic experience at Lucy & Yak in Exeter,"Fantastic experience at Lucy & Yak Exeter! My daughter and I visited Lucy & Yak in Exeter today just for a browse, and ended up leaving with a lovely t-shirt and a beautiful floral dress. We were helped by Connie and Kira, who were both fantastic. They gave us great advice, shared helpful tips, explained what was available in different sizes and styles, and guided us to the changing rooms. Their customer service was genuinely excellent—friendly, attentive, and knowledgeable. We also loved the community notice board in store, where I was able to put up some Wellbeing Exeter cards for my work. It’s such a thoughtful touch and really adds to the welcoming atmosphere. It was great to see a range of affordable extras too, like plant pots, £1 bags, and the £3 canvas bags. Overall, we had a really lovely shopping experience. Customer service was 10/10—you truly feel welcomed and supported here. We’ll definitely be back!",5,2026-04-26 21:51:09+00:00,Trustpilot,fantastic experience lucy yak exeter daughter visited lucy yak exeter today browse ended leaving lovely tshirt beautiful floral dress helped connie kira fantastic gave u great advice shared helpful tip explained available different size style guided u changing room customer service genuinely excellentfriendly attentive knowledgeable also loved community notice board store able put wellbeing exeter card work thoughtful touch really add welcoming atmosphere great see range affordable extra like plant pot bag canvas bag overall really lovely shopping experience customer service truly feel welcomed supported well definitely back
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Wtf happened to Missguided,Wtf happened to Missguided? Obviously didn’t realise it had been taken over by a cheap awful company and now the quality is DIRE with inflated prices and you’ll wait 100 days to even get your items.,1,2026-04-24 20:40:38+00:00,Trustpilot,wtf happened missguided obviously didnt realise taken cheap awful company quality dire inflated price youll wait day even get item
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Unfair returns policy for defected items,"It took over a week for the item to be delivered and when it finally arrived it was damaged. Had to pay for it to be delivered and pay again for it's return. Appalling! They provide defected clothing but expect you to cover the cost. If I could give zero stars I would. I don't recommend this company, as there are far better ones out there that have better quality clothing and a fairer returns policy.Particularly, if items arrive damaged.",1,2026-04-24 16:53:57+00:00,Trustpilot,took week item delivered finally arrived damaged pay delivered pay return appalling provide defected clothing expect cover cost could give zero star would dont recommend company far better one better quality clothing fairer return policyparticularly item arrive damaged
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Love Lucy &Yak,I have ordered lots of items from Lucy & Yak and I love their clothes and bags. I have nothing but great stuff to say about their items and their customer service has always been amazing. I have always ordered online and never managed to go to one of your stores. Sadly I have recently moved to Australia but when I return to the UK for a holiday I will 100 % go into one of your stores in person. Happy customer indeed.,5,2026-04-24 13:42:47+00:00,Trustpilot,ordered lot item lucy yak love clothes bag nothing great stuff say item customer service always amazing always ordered online never managed go one store sadly recently moved australia return uk holiday go one store person happy customer indeed
Missguided,Fast Fashion,WILL NOT REFUND MY TRACKED RETURN - AVOID!!!!,Ordered an item - returned it tracked delivery and they’ve decided not to refund me. So taking it to my bank now. It’s been weeks!!!! Thieves and clearly scammers - wish I had checked trustpilot!!!!!!! What happened to the good old Missguided??!! I don’t even want to leave one star. This is fraud and theft of my money!!!!!! I will be reporting and making sure anyone I know avoids like the bubonic plague,1,2026-04-24 12:26:53+00:00,Trustpilot,ordered item returned tracked delivery theyve decided refund taking bank week thief clearly scammer wish checked trustpilot happened good old missguided dont even want leave one star fraud theft money reporting making sure anyone know avoids like bubonic plague
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Helpful and thorough ✨,Helpful and thorough ✨,5,2026-04-23 13:48:55+00:00,Trustpilot,helpful thorough
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Excellent customer service,"Again, swift communication and my query answered and dealt with effectively. 🙏🏼",5,2026-04-21 21:44:38+00:00,Trustpilot,swift communication query answered dealt effectively
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Great customer service and product quality!,"I have placed several orders with Lucy and Yak before, and I have always been pleased with the product I received and the customer service. Most recently I placed an order in which I received two of the items I ordered and one item that was the same type as what I ordered but the wrong color. After emailing customer service, they promptly responded and created a new order to send me the correct item and didn't ask me to go out of my way to return the incorrect item. I am very pleased with how well this brand treats its customers. It is a bit expensive, but I always know what I get from them will be high quality. I also really appreciate their brand ethics.",5,2026-04-20 18:45:29+00:00,Trustpilot,placed several order lucy yak always pleased product received customer service recently placed order received two item ordered one item type ordered wrong color emailing customer service promptly responded created new order send correct item didnt ask go way return incorrect item pleased well brand treat customer bit expensive always know get high quality also really appreciate brand ethic
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,I love the team,"I love the team, they always come across as friendly and helpful. They respond well to feedback. You definitely feel like you matter as a customer to Lucy & Yak. ❤️",5,2026-04-19 10:25:01+00:00,Trustpilot,love team always come across friendly helpful respond well feedback definitely feel like matter customer lucy yak
Missguided,Fast Fashion,The jeans length was shorter than…,"The jeans length was shorter than expected. The material is decent, just not as sturdy as I hoped.",2,2026-04-16 22:48:02+00:00,Trustpilot,jean length shorter expected material decent sturdy hoped
Missguided,Fast Fashion,If I could leave zero stars I would,If I could leave zero stars I would ! Absolutely no return policy for customers what’s so ever ! They tell you to pay for the return with certain carriers and if you don’t you won’t get refunded and then you have to send them a photo of the label and tracking number etc and then they say if it’s not satisfactory then they won’t refund basically! I have never known a complaint not provide a QR Code for returns ! Absolutely disgusting ! I will never shop with missguided again ! And begrudge giving them 1star .,1,2026-04-14 12:30:48+00:00,Trustpilot,could leave zero star would absolutely return policy customer whats ever tell pay return certain carrier dont wont get refunded send photo label tracking number etc say satisfactory wont refund basically never known complaint provide qr code return absolutely disgusting never shop missguided begrudge giving star
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Great help in the changing area,"Danny the shop assistant couldn't do any more to become ,being a curvy girl I don't feel comfortable in changing areas ,but she helped to find other sizes and said she liked what I had chosen and said I looked great in them .",5,2026-04-13 22:16:21+00:00,Trustpilot,danny shop assistant couldnt become curvy girl dont feel comfortable changing area helped find size said liked chosen said looked great
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Just not worth it,"Just not worth it. I learned my lesson never shop with a company who does not provide a prepaid shipping label. Because I was returning denim, shipping was over $13.",1,2026-04-11 12:11:37+00:00,Trustpilot,worth learned lesson never shop company provide prepaid shipping label returning denim shipping
Primark,Fast Fashion,Trafford centre store staff useless,Went to the Trafford centre store this evening and the staff were appalling My wife asked 2 different members of staff if they stocked a particular item of clothing both said no and acted like they couldn’t care less We found the item after spending 20 minutes looking Then had to queue for ages cos only half the tills were open,1,2026-04-10 00:01:51+00:00,Trustpilot,went trafford centre store evening staff appalling wife asked different member staff stocked particular item clothing said acted like couldnt care less found item spending minute looking queue age co half till open
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,I discovered some flaws in the fabric…,I discovered some flaws in the fabric of the first jumpsuit I got sent and they made it right quickly. Some of the best customer service I’ve experienced! Will definitely buy again and have already turned one of my sisters on to them for their inclusive sizing!,5,2026-04-09 19:16:56+00:00,Trustpilot,discovered flaw fabric first jumpsuit got sent made right quickly best customer service ive experienced definitely buy already turned one sister inclusive sizing
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,I was able to return my trousers easily…,I was able to return my trousers easily with no fuss when the sizing was incorrect. I did have to send another email to receive my refund though as there was a slight delay.,4,2026-04-09 12:23:03+00:00,Trustpilot,able return trouser easily fuss sizing incorrect send another email receive refund though slight delay
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Love love love ❤️,Love love love ❤️ Ella is a ⭐,5,2026-04-07 16:41:23+00:00,Trustpilot,love love love ella
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Not ordered anything,Not ordered anything. Wrost products,1,2026-04-06 06:49:05+00:00,Trustpilot,ordered anything wrost product
Missguided,Fast Fashion,A disgrace,"Ordered several items, took forever to receive.  Trying to return anything back is a complete nightmare, so frustrating, it's pretty much impossible and after reading all these reviews with having to pay for returns and not receiving a refund have decided to keep the items and sell on otherwise will certainly be out of pocket at least hopefully will get something back.  Customer service is shocking just a generic email with false information. Never will I purchase from them again. My advice...AVOID!!!",1,2026-04-05 02:24:53+00:00,Trustpilot,ordered several item took forever receive trying return anything back complete nightmare frustrating pretty much impossible reading review pay return receiving refund decided keep item sell otherwise certainly pocket least hopefully get something back customer service shocking generic email false information never purchase adviceavoid
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Buyer beware!,"I ordered a white lace dress with bell sleeves from Missguided. When the dress arrived and I tried it on, the sleeves were huge and overhung past my fingertips. I started the returns process which was a nightmare. I was constantly having to email them then wait weeks for a reply. Eventually, I had to take photographs with a tape measure on the garment to show the problem,  which I did, then wait weeks again for a reply. Eventually, they said to return the garment but they wouldn't reimburse me for the cost of the return postage. I had to chase them up for weeks again regarding my refund, I then received an email asking for proof of postage. Luckily,  I'd screenshot the tracking emails from Royal Mail which showed the items journey and even a photo of it at their depot. Still no response from them so I had to email again asking for my refund. A few days later, I received a reply saying I'd get a $19.99 refund, yet I'd paid $5.22 postage for the item to be sent and nearly £4 for it to be sent back to them. It's outrageous when the item they sent is manufactured incorrectly, with the sleeves being 4 inches longer than a normal sized ladies sleeve. How are women expected to wear this dress when the sleeves overhang past their fingertips by 4 inches? So buyer beware, the item you receive may be totally the wrong size, looks nothing like the photograph or is flawed but you'll have to pay the postage both ways if you want to return it. A Chinese company masquerading as a British company with no qualms about sending you inferior, missized ladies clothing.",1,2026-04-04 11:32:12+00:00,Trustpilot,ordered white lace dress bell sleeve missguided dress arrived tried sleeve huge overhung past fingertip started return process nightmare constantly email wait week reply eventually take photograph tape measure garment show problem wait week reply eventually said return garment wouldnt reimburse cost return postage chase week regarding refund received email asking proof postage luckily id screenshot tracking email royal mail showed item journey even photo depot still response email asking refund day later received reply saying id get refund yet id paid postage item sent nearly sent back outrageous item sent manufactured incorrectly sleeve inch longer normal sized lady sleeve woman expected wear dress sleeve overhang past fingertip inch buyer beware item receive may totally wrong size look nothing like photograph flawed youll pay postage way want return chinese company masquerading british company qualm sending inferior missized lady clothing
Missguided,Fast Fashion,I’d give them less than one star if I…,I’d give them less than one star if I could. I ordered a jacket which was huge so had to return. Went on their portal to see how to return. Returns are payable by the customer. So I paid evri for the return then went to print label at the shop. You have to put the bar code and a photo of the parcel on their portal. I got the address on their return portal. Just received an email telling me it’s a different address and it does not match the tracking number. Absolute scam. They have changed the postal address so it will not now get to the correct person or address. I’m absolutely livid. I’ve emailed customer services twice now. Don’t buy anything from them. I  know they have been bought out by Shein but even Shein are better than this rubbish. They need to get better with their customer services. Terrible !,1,2026-04-03 23:41:04+00:00,Trustpilot,id give less one star could ordered jacket huge return went portal see return return payable customer paid evri return went print label shop put bar code photo parcel portal got address return portal received email telling different address match tracking number absolute scam changed postal address get correct person address im absolutely livid ive emailed customer service twice dont buy anything know bought shein even shein better rubbish need get better customer service terrible
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Definitely 10 out of 10!,"The customer service is the best and the communications is the fastest I have experienced! I placed an order on their website on Saturday and received the parcel on Tuesday. Super fast. It’s 2 jumpsuits. But after I tried it and thought it’s a bit tight for me so I wanted an exchange. I wasn’t quite sure about how to process exchange instead of return online, so I sent an e-mail. I sent the e-mail on Tuesday afternoon after 5pm. Super quick I got the reply e-mail just next morning 8:30am already. Liz, who replied my e-mail, had double confirmed what I want to exchange and sizes, gave me options of how to process the return, and confirming my address etc, managed to send out my parcel on that same afternoon already! Their designs are great, website is easy to use, and the customer service is the best I have experienced. Liz, you are the best!",5,2026-04-03 20:22:07+00:00,Trustpilot,customer service best communication fastest experienced placed order website saturday received parcel tuesday super fast jumpsuit tried thought bit tight wanted exchange wasnt quite sure process exchange instead return online sent email sent email tuesday afternoon pm super quick got reply email next morning already liz replied email double confirmed want exchange size gave option process return confirming address etc managed send parcel afternoon already design great website easy use customer service best experienced liz best
Primark,Fast Fashion,The worst experience in Hamburg,The worst experience in Hamburg. The staff at this store don't speak English and treat people like thieves. Not even the manager or supervisor can string two words of English together. Terrible service.,1,2026-04-01 15:45:36+00:00,Trustpilot,worst experience hamburg staff store dont speak english treat people like thief even manager supervisor string two word english together terrible service
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Great returns system,Great returns system. Speedy replies when I had a question and the jeans are great!!! Great size inclusivity too,5,2026-03-31 21:53:47+00:00,Trustpilot,great return system speedy reply question jean great great size inclusivity
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,I needed to find a replacement item…,"I needed to find a replacement item that was no longer available to purchase on the website - customer service picked up my query SO fast (over the weekend too, which was unexpected). They were able to raise an order for me once stock was located. Amazing customer service",5,2026-03-30 20:52:54+00:00,Trustpilot,needed find replacement item longer available purchase website customer service picked query fast weekend unexpected able raise order stock located amazing customer service
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,I never received and order (due to…,I never received and order (due to Royal Mail) once I informed Lucy and yak they were on it straight away and issued a refund.  Excellent service,5,2026-03-27 22:11:55+00:00,Trustpilot,never received order due royal mail informed lucy yak straight away issued refund excellent service
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Don’t order from if based in the UK.,Don’t order from if based in the UK. I made an £80 order and it took about 3 weeks to arrive. Good quality clothing but sizing way off so needed to send all 3 items back. Problem is they don’t have a returns procedure for the UK. You have to contact them to ask and they tell you to return via Royal Mail at your own expense!! Cost me £9 to send via tracked. You cannot upload the returns information on their returns page as it will not accept it. It only lists Evri (which they don’t use) and UPS and DHL. You also have to return to a random person in Walsall with no proper returns note inside just a hand written note. I then had to chase them for a refund after a week of receiving the parcel. Had to send the proof of return postage receipt to customer services before they acknowledged my return and refund. Very stressful and would never buy from again!!!,1,2026-03-27 15:58:06+00:00,Trustpilot,dont order based uk made order took week arrive good quality clothing sizing way needed send item back problem dont return procedure uk contact ask tell return via royal mail expense cost send via tracked upload return information return page accept list evri dont use ups dhl also return random person walsall proper return note inside hand written note chase refund week receiving parcel send proof return postage receipt customer service acknowledged return refund stressful would never buy
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Great clothes and great service,"As always, rapid delivery, great clothes and easy returns if they're not quite right. I'm really chuffed with my new cord jacket (felt very stylish for my holiday) and sloppy hoodie, so cosy. Got new pants too! These are a different design to before and the jury's still out on whether I like them as much. I love that I can send old clothes to Rapanui for recycling, I will be doing that, when they eventually wear out!",5,2026-03-21 10:57:10+00:00,Trustpilot,always rapid delivery great clothes easy return theyre quite right im really chuffed new cord jacket felt stylish holiday sloppy hoodie cosy got new pant different design jury still whether like much love send old clothes rapanui recycling eventually wear
Missguided,Fast Fashion,AVIOD - Returns go back to a name and not a business,"AVIOD - New company that's brough the name. The returns go back to a Name not a business. A silly returns process, you have to update a photo of the label on the parcel, you have to upload tracking number. If not done they do not refund you. Then when you provide this information at a later date, they do not refund all the items. SCAM",1,2026-03-17 12:04:14+00:00,Trustpilot,aviod new company thats brough name return go back name business silly return process update photo label parcel upload tracking number done refund provide information later date refund item scam
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Superb thank you,Superb thank you. I had a fault on  My jumpsuit. I contacted them and had a reply and replacement straight away. Thank you,5,2026-03-16 23:49:16+00:00,Trustpilot,superb thank fault jumpsuit contacted reply replacement straight away thank
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Great fit,"Great fit, good quality, interesting designs and good ethics. Happy days",5,2026-03-16 18:16:27+00:00,Trustpilot,great fit good quality interesting design good ethic happy day
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,It’s great to see the transparency of…,"It’s great to see the transparency of the company when it comes to sustainability as that is something important to me. There is a bit of a limited selection of styles, not many tapered pants. Sizing was personally the most difficult. If I went by body measurements, it did not fit although it could be an error on my end when measuring. I made two attempts to get the right size before deeming it a lost cause. They did reach out to ask about my measurements to give sizing recommendations for the pants and other clothing I want to purchase which I see as a great remedy. However, I feel as though I’ve lost enough money as a portion of my refund is used to pay for the shipping back. If I was in the UK, it might not be so bad but it’s decently expensive as a US resident. Customer service was very helpful when I accidentally swapped the return labels.",3,2026-03-16 17:55:58+00:00,Trustpilot,great see transparency company come sustainability something important bit limited selection style many tapered pant sizing personally difficult went body measurement fit although could error end measuring made two attempt get right size deeming lost cause reach ask measurement give sizing recommendation pant clothing want purchase see great remedy however feel though ive lost enough money portion refund used pay shipping back uk might bad decently expensive u resident customer service helpful accidentally swapped return label
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,The quality of clothing is fantastic…,The quality of clothing is fantastic and just seems to fit me well.,5,2026-03-15 23:28:03+00:00,Trustpilot,quality clothing fantastic seems fit well
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Great company,"Great company, great ethos, great clothes Highly recommend people check them out. Clothes are always high quality.",5,2026-03-15 22:21:56+00:00,Trustpilot,great company great ethos great clothes highly recommend people check clothes always high quality
Primark,Fast Fashion,DO NOT BUY CHARGERS FROM HERE,I’m happy with most of Primark’s products except their phone chargers which last less than a month. Sometimes cheap possibly doesn’t mean that the product is reliable or good quality. The charger disconnects if I even move my phone or plug it in.,3,2026-03-15 22:21:01+00:00,Trustpilot,im happy primarks product except phone charger last less month sometimes cheap possibly doesnt mean product reliable good quality charger disconnect even move phone plug
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Well worth the money. Comfortable fit,"I ordered my fourth scoop neck t shirt as really like the design and fit of these. Not too low, a really nice length and the material feels very nice next to the skin. The others I have have washed well. Just hoping for a rose pink in this style 😊",4,2026-03-15 21:23:36+00:00,Trustpilot,ordered fourth scoop neck shirt really like design fit low really nice length material feel nice next skin others washed well hoping rose pink style
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,People genuinely compliment me!,"People genuinely compliment me on rapanui clothes. Unique, comfy and cool without being pretentious.",5,2026-03-15 18:16:42+00:00,Trustpilot,people genuinely compliment rapanui clothes unique comfy cool without pretentious
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,I absolutely love Rapanui,I absolutely love Rapanui and their ethos. The t-shirts are always loved when gifted. I have bought my favourite pj bottoms and shorts from them. Everything is well made using quality materials.,5,2026-03-15 14:21:53+00:00,Trustpilot,absolutely love rapanui ethos tshirts always loved gifted bought favourite pj bottom short everything well made using quality material
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,I love Rapanui,I love Rapanui! Lovely clothes. Great quality. Good eco credentials.,5,2026-03-14 17:19:55+00:00,Trustpilot,love rapanui lovely clothes great quality good eco credential
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Love Rapanui,Love Rapanui. Fantastic quality at reasonable prices. I have been buying their t shirts for about 4 years now. They reliably wash and wear really well.,5,2026-03-14 10:50:14+00:00,Trustpilot,love rapanui fantastic quality reasonable price buying shirt year reliably wash wear really well
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Quality gear,"Quality gear, pretty cool designs. Love the ethos Packaging easy to reuse. Clothes wash easy and last. Delivery so far has been when they say it will be. Issue’s wife keeps nicking my best hoody, daughter is eyeing up my tee’s",5,2026-03-14 09:52:38+00:00,Trustpilot,quality gear pretty cool design love ethos packaging easy reuse clothes wash easy last delivery far say issue wife keep nicking best hoody daughter eyeing tee
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Great underwear,Great underwear. Brilliant service,5,2026-03-13 20:38:17+00:00,Trustpilot,great underwear brilliant service
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Great quality clothes at great prices,"Great quality clothes at great prices! I have been lucky enough to buy a few sweatshirts in the sale. Really pleased with the quality. Would definitely purchase more clothes in the future. Also, Rapanui are environmentally pro active too🙂 Its a thumbs up review from me👍🏼",5,2026-03-13 18:38:38+00:00,Trustpilot,great quality clothes great price lucky enough buy sweatshirt sale really pleased quality would definitely purchase clothes future also rapanui environmentally pro active thumb review
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Rapanui provides great service,"Rapanui provides great service, great quality and design within an ethical and sustainable practice. I have been shopping their range for over 10 years now and always been very happy to return to them as a customer.",5,2026-03-13 17:53:33+00:00,Trustpilot,rapanui provides great service great quality design within ethical sustainable practice shopping range year always happy return customer
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,I’ve been buying from Rapanui for about…,I’ve been buying from Rapanui for about the last 10ish years. Love their clothing and the Remill scheme. 100% recommend - affordable ethical clothing. It’s made well and lasts.,5,2026-03-13 17:16:26+00:00,Trustpilot,ive buying rapanui last ish year love clothing remill scheme recommend affordable ethical clothing made well last
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Circular superstar,"Rapanui make great quality, all natural products. I love the natural colours and the environmentally friendly dyes used. Also, Rapanui are leading the way in the circular economy and actually putting it into action in a B2C context! It's amazing to be able to send back items when they no longer fit me, rather than having to send them to landfill. Fingers crossed more businesses follow suit in future!",5,2026-03-13 17:15:12+00:00,Trustpilot,rapanui make great quality natural product love natural colour environmentally friendly dye used also rapanui leading way circular economy actually putting action bc context amazing able send back item longer fit rather send landfill finger crossed business follow suit future
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Buy most of my clothes from here these…,Buy most of my clothes from here these days. Great style and great quality and nice to know I'm not damaging the environment in the process.,5,2026-03-13 15:54:33+00:00,Trustpilot,buy clothes day great style great quality nice know im damaging environment process
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Rapanui the right choice,I like Rapanui clothing and have bought several items down the years both for myself and family. The model they have set up is brave and the right thing to do in an age of disposal clothes not made to last. I haven't yet used the return scheme but plan to in the future.,5,2026-03-13 15:03:08+00:00,Trustpilot,like rapanui clothing bought several item year family model set brave right thing age disposal clothes made last havent yet used return scheme plan future
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,2nd Purchase,I already had 5 for £35 t-shirts from about 4 yrs ago. Still in great condition ( as new really! apart fron one which I wore painting...) Decided to buy the 7 for £60 offer just to have more variety in colour. Slightly different feel to the cotton and different crew neck but still the same good value.,5,2026-03-13 14:25:20+00:00,Trustpilot,already tshirts yr ago still great condition new really apart fron one wore painting decided buy offer variety colour slightly different feel cotton different crew neck still good value
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,I fell in love with everything Rapanui…,I fell in love with everything Rapanui stood for about 8 years ago and have bought bits and pieces over the years (they don’t wear out 🤣 some t-shirts still going strong) but now that I can send them back for recycling I can justify the odd extra purchase. This year it was the Parka coat that caught my eye and it’s a game changer for wet drizzly days. Almost makes being in the rain fun!!!,5,2026-03-13 13:31:11+00:00,Trustpilot,fell love everything rapanui stood year ago bought bit piece year dont wear tshirts still going strong send back recycling justify odd extra purchase year parka coat caught eye game changer wet drizzly day almost make rain fun
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Great quality products and excellent customer service,Great quality products and excellent customer service when having to deal with returns or exchanges.,5,2026-03-13 12:42:39+00:00,Trustpilot,great quality product excellent customer service deal return exchange
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,All clothes.,"I have bought from Rapanui for a number of years and so far I have loved each item of clothing I have purchased whether it be cotton lined coat, trousers, tees or sweater, I can’t fault the quality. True to size. Customer service is faultless and that is why I keep on buying from this great ethical Company. Highly recommend.",5,2026-03-13 12:33:22+00:00,Trustpilot,bought rapanui number year far loved item clothing purchased whether cotton lined coat trouser tee sweater cant fault quality true size customer service faultless keep buying great ethical company highly recommend
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Favourite company,"I've had loads of clothes from Rapanui and they're all lovely. Anything that didn't fit was super easy to return. I love the sustainability ethics behind the company and the pricing is comparable to any high street retailer, so guilt free shopping!",5,2026-03-13 12:18:37+00:00,Trustpilot,ive load clothes rapanui theyre lovely anything didnt fit super easy return love sustainability ethic behind company pricing comparable high street retailer guilt free shopping
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Rapanui our local business,Rapanui clothes are very well made. I have bought lots of their organic cotton T-shirts and they always fit perfect. I also invested in a wild swim robe the colour is gorgeous and the towelling material on the inside does a very good job as I use it now to have a dip in the sea. I am also glad there are no big lettering on the back. The best of this company is that I can send back my clothes to be recycled. I would recommend Rapanui to anyone well done and it is also a local firm on the Isle of Wight. Thank you Rapanui keep on going you are doing a good job.,5,2026-03-13 12:17:37+00:00,Trustpilot,rapanui clothes well made bought lot organic cotton tshirts always fit perfect also invested wild swim robe colour gorgeous towelling material inside good job use dip sea also glad big lettering back best company send back clothes recycled would recommend rapanui anyone well done also local firm isle wight thank rapanui keep going good job
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Best clothing company ever,"Best clothing company ever: ethical and sustainable, recycles, prints custom t-shirts (great if you have a small business), great offers, great range of garments. What is not to like?",5,2026-03-13 11:42:41+00:00,Trustpilot,best clothing company ever ethical sustainable recycles print custom tshirts great small business great offer great range garment like
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Very well made clothes for everyday,"Very well made clothes for everyday! Sadly, I've only managed to send 1x T shirt back as I damaged it- they usually last AGES! Certainly a company I am very happy to support & will continue to do so, well done Rapanui!",5,2026-03-13 11:33:04+00:00,Trustpilot,well made clothes everyday sadly ive managed send x shirt back damaged usually last age certainly company happy support continue well done rapanui
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Great item arrived quickly,"Great item arrived quickly. Fabulous colour, quality and fit.",5,2026-03-13 11:10:42+00:00,Trustpilot,great item arrived quickly fabulous colour quality fit
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Love my Rapanui Jumper 😊,"Love my Rapanui Jumper 😊 It is exactly how it was described, oversized and just what I was expecting. The colour is so vibrant too. I love the ethos of Rapanui too, a local company trying to make the clothing industry a better place.",5,2026-03-13 10:47:12+00:00,Trustpilot,love rapanui jumper exactly described oversized expecting colour vibrant love ethos rapanui local company trying make clothing industry better place
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,"Great Quality, Great Company","Swift order to despatch and delivery. Good selection of clothing, with great sizing charts and advice to help you make the right decision. I purchased both oversize and organic t-shirts and the quality is superior and worth every penny. Great fit and feel and they look amazing. Added benefit, when worn out scan the QR and return for recycle... So helpful the environment with purchase and aftersale! Highly recommended!",5,2026-03-13 10:43:11+00:00,Trustpilot,swift order despatch delivery good selection clothing great sizing chart advice help make right decision purchased oversize organic tshirts quality superior worth every penny great fit feel look amazing added benefit worn scan qr return recycle helpful environment purchase aftersale highly recommended
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Great company,Efficient company that ticks all my ethical and eco boxes and great clothing,5,2026-03-13 10:40:39+00:00,Trustpilot,efficient company tick ethical eco box great clothing
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Excellent quality,Excellent quality. Speedy delivery.,5,2026-03-13 10:38:39+00:00,Trustpilot,excellent quality speedy delivery
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,The clothes are wonderful,The clothes are wonderful - and very cross-generational and loved by my children in their 30's as much as myself and my wife in our 60's! All contact with the company is a pleasure - very friendly and helpful. For us personally it is another plus point (as former Isle of Wight residents) that such a good company comes from a place we loved to live :),5,2026-03-13 10:30:47+00:00,Trustpilot,clothes wonderful crossgenerational loved child much wife contact company pleasure friendly helpful u personally another plus point former isle wight resident good company come place loved live
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Great company,"I love Rapanui’s clothing and ethos - I’ve bought t-shirts, sweatshirts, shackets and hats, and get a lot of wear from all of them. They are the cornerstones of my day-to-day outfits. Great fabrics, thoughtful cuts and solid ethics.",5,2026-03-13 10:20:13+00:00,Trustpilot,love rapanuis clothing ethos ive bought tshirts sweatshirt shackets hat get lot wear cornerstone daytoday outfit great fabric thoughtful cut solid ethic
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Great products and ethics,"I have bought many t-shirts, shirts and jackets from Rapanui and all fit great and are good quality. Caring for the environment is important to me so it's good to know it matters to Rapanui too.",5,2026-03-13 10:03:15+00:00,Trustpilot,bought many tshirts shirt jacket rapanui fit great good quality caring environment important good know matter rapanui
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,"Rapanui is my go to for good quality, ethical clothing","Rapanui is my go to for good quality, ethical clothing. I could create so many different outfits with their items both for work and at weekends, and for every kind of weather!! I love that it's organic cotton, sustainably made and super comfortable.",5,2026-03-13 10:00:58+00:00,Trustpilot,rapanui go good quality ethical clothing could create many different outfit item work weekend every kind weather love organic cotton sustainably made super comfortable
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,I love Rapanui!,"I absolutely love Rapanui as a company, their clothes are always really well made.  I love the vibe of the brand as sustainable and nature loving, there is so much fast fashion around now and Rapanui feels like an antidote to that.  I own several pieces from them and they are my go to for basics that I know will be comfortable and last.",5,2026-03-13 09:55:03+00:00,Trustpilot,absolutely love rapanui company clothes always really well made love vibe brand sustainable nature loving much fast fashion around rapanui feel like antidote several piece go basic know comfortable last
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Rapanui is a brand I can trust,"Rapanui is a brand I can trust to provide high quality garments made by environmentally sound methods and sustainable organic materials. The website is easy to navigate, the ordering process straightforward and delivery is reliable and quick.",5,2026-03-13 09:45:37+00:00,Trustpilot,rapanui brand trust provide high quality garment made environmentally sound method sustainable organic material website easy navigate ordering process straightforward delivery reliable quick
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Their clothes are well designed,"Their clothes are well designed, well made with great material + they care for the environment! They make me feel and look good.",5,2026-03-13 09:30:13+00:00,Trustpilot,clothes well designed well made great material care environment make feel look good
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Fantastic brand doing what all other…,"Fantastic brand doing what all other fashion brands should be doing with their circular model approach to sustainability. Absolutely love the design, cut and fit of their garments. Great customer care. Never been let down.",5,2026-03-13 08:54:47+00:00,Trustpilot,fantastic brand fashion brand circular model approach sustainability absolutely love design cut fit garment great customer care never let
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Great product,"Great product, easy to exchange when size wrong, postage quick , good customer service.",5,2026-03-13 08:50:06+00:00,Trustpilot,great product easy exchange size wrong postage quick good customer service
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,"Excellent, ethical, quality.",Excellent company with really good ethical approach to business. All products I’ve bought have been great quality. I love their recycling philosophy too! Keep it up!!,5,2026-03-13 08:37:04+00:00,Trustpilot,excellent company really good ethical approach business product ive bought great quality love recycling philosophy keep
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Lovely products,Lovely products. Soft cotton in great colours.,5,2026-03-13 07:38:04+00:00,Trustpilot,lovely product soft cotton great colour
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Good quality tee shirts,"Good quality tee shirts, hard wearing and comfortable. Especially love the new thicker one. Could just do with a few more colour options.",4,2026-03-13 07:27:34+00:00,Trustpilot,good quality tee shirt hard wearing comfortable especially love new thicker one could colour option
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Love this brand,"Love this brand, guilt free clothing 😁",5,2026-03-13 06:48:53+00:00,Trustpilot,love brand guilt free clothing
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Top quality clothing,"Top quality clothing,  sustainable business, great customer service....what's not to love",5,2026-03-13 05:23:01+00:00,Trustpilot,top quality clothing sustainable business great customer servicewhats love
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Trust ... and I love Rapanui,"Well... it's all based on trust, and great fabrics, design and ethics.  I bought a rain jacket in January... for travel in tropical but wet climates.  It was perfect, held out in a flood, and it took me home.  And it looked cool! x",5,2026-03-13 02:17:04+00:00,Trustpilot,well based trust great fabric design ethic bought rain jacket january travel tropical wet climate perfect held flood took home looked cool x
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,"Rapanui ~ Ethical to it's core. Plus great designs, beautiful fabrics, true to size.","I have been purchasing clothing & accessories for children & adults, from Rapanui for years. I have never been less than 100% happy with the quality, fit, materials from which items are made and most importantly, the ethical foundation underpinning it's trading. I have no connection whatsoever with the company, apart from being a very satisfied customer. If you haven't already tried them, do! 5* all the way from me",5,2026-03-13 01:33:03+00:00,Trustpilot,purchasing clothing accessory child adult rapanui year never less happy quality fit material item made importantly ethical foundation underpinning trading connection whatsoever company apart satisfied customer havent already tried way
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Quick delivery and good quality…,Quick delivery and a good quality product. Have made a couple of purchases and am very happy with the quality of what I have bought,5,2026-03-13 01:01:04+00:00,Trustpilot,quick delivery good quality product made couple purchase happy quality bought
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Rapanui is my go to online store for…,"Rapanui is my go to online store for good quality, well fitting clothing, that’s sustainably produced. Delivery is prompt and reliable. The 100% cotton t-shirts, hoodies and joggers last for ages, but if they do wear out, (mine are still going strong), they can be returned free of charge in exchange for a voucher. Great way to keep clothes out of landfill.",5,2026-03-13 00:49:48+00:00,Trustpilot,rapanui go online store good quality well fitting clothing thats sustainably produced delivery prompt reliable cotton tshirts hoodies jogger last age wear mine still going strong returned free charge exchange voucher great way keep clothes landfill
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Great quality,"Really good quality long sleeved tee shirts. Comfortable, soft organic cotton fabric, properly long sleeves and a roomy fit. My order arrived quickly too, which is always a plus!",5,2026-03-13 00:17:11+00:00,Trustpilot,really good quality long sleeved tee shirt comfortable soft organic cotton fabric properly long sleeve roomy fit order arrived quickly always plus
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Great quality clothes,"Great quality clothes and at a price comparable to anything else you find on the high street. Delivery is within a few days and in paper packaging, which is great. If you need to, returns are easy and refunds are processed quickly.",5,2026-03-12 23:47:11+00:00,Trustpilot,great quality clothes price comparable anything else find high street delivery within day paper packaging great need return easy refund processed quickly
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Rapinui is a great company with a perfect mandate,Rapinui is a great company with a perfect mandate for the planet! I love that they are committed to natural organic and/or recycled products for sustainability. But more than that I love their style combined with practicality and comfortable fabrics.  Fabulous clothes!,5,2026-03-12 23:39:27+00:00,Trustpilot,rapinui great company perfect mandate planet love committed natural organic andor recycled product sustainability love style combined practicality comfortable fabric fabulous clothes
Primark,Fast Fashion,Just read they will shut all its stores…,Just read they will shut all its stores across UK. Then found out it's only closing for 24 hours for Easter Sunday.  I was excited for a second. I hate primark. Reminds me of a jumble sale or carboot sale. Clothes are draft excluders. Also can't stand Rita skank Ora. No role model.,1,2026-03-12 23:33:49+00:00,Trustpilot,read shut store across uk found closing hour easter sunday excited second hate primark reminds jumble sale carboot sale clothes draft excluders also cant stand rita skank os role model
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Excellent quality overshirt and casual…,Excellent quality overshirt and casual trousers. Good material and style. Will use company again.,5,2026-03-12 23:03:06+00:00,Trustpilot,excellent quality overshirt casual trouser good material style use company
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Rapanui always!,"Rapanui make the buying experience simple and quick. I have bought t shirts, sweatshirts and socks from them for years! Always brilliant quality, built sustainably to last.",5,2026-03-12 22:50:27+00:00,Trustpilot,rapanui make buying experience simple quick bought shirt sweatshirt sock year always brilliant quality built sustainably last
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,A great ethical company with good…,A great ethical company with good values to order from. Great products & service!,5,2026-03-12 22:49:41+00:00,Trustpilot,great ethical company good value order great product service
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,10/10 would 100% recommend,"Superb quality clothing, ethically made, and comfy as hell!",5,2026-03-12 22:41:34+00:00,Trustpilot,superb quality clothing ethically made comfy hell
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,good for the planet,"amazing quality,good for the planet,great design and variety",5,2026-03-12 22:39:36+00:00,Trustpilot,amazing qualitygood planetgreat design variety
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,The best sweatshirts ever,"The best sweatshirts ever, they're soft, beautifully cut and great value...with the added bonus of being gentle on our earth",5,2026-03-12 22:33:09+00:00,Trustpilot,best sweatshirt ever theyre soft beautifully cut great valuewith added bonus gentle earth
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Great quality good value products,"Great quality good value products, delivered quickly in minimal packaging.",5,2026-03-12 22:24:20+00:00,Trustpilot,great quality good value product delivered quickly minimal packaging
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,"Bish, bash, bosh",Quality product and service to compliment the aspirational ethics.,5,2026-03-12 22:17:42+00:00,Trustpilot,quality product service compliment aspirational ethic
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Love the ethic and aesthetic,"Love the ethic and aesthetic. Love the drape of the t- shirts, which are a bit unusual.",5,2026-03-12 22:12:38+00:00,Trustpilot,love ethic aesthetic love drape shirt bit unusual
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Great in every way!,"Brilliant quality clothing, great designs, ethically produced - win, win, win 😃",5,2026-03-12 22:06:32+00:00,Trustpilot,brilliant quality clothing great design ethically produced win win win
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Been a huge fan of Rapanui for years,"Been a huge fan of Rapanui for years. The products they sell are brilliant, as is their mission. I absolutely love the circular economy and the ability to send back old T-shirts etc once I’ve worn them out and they can be broken back down and remade. Such an incredibly important move! On the rare occasions things haven’t fit quite right returns have been amazingly easy as well!",5,2026-03-12 22:05:17+00:00,Trustpilot,huge fan rapanui year product sell brilliant mission absolutely love circular economy ability send back old tshirts etc ive worn broken back remade incredibly important move rare occasion thing havent fit quite right return amazingly easy well
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Rapini clothes are always excellent…,Rapini clothes are always excellent value. Well made and wear well and such a relief to buy from an ethical crowd of people.,5,2026-03-12 21:57:11+00:00,Trustpilot,rapini clothes always excellent value well made wear well relief buy ethical crowd people
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,"Love, Love, Love Lucy & Yak!","Love Lucy & Yak. Love supporting their mission of sustainability, and love their service & clothing.",5,2026-03-12 21:55:18+00:00,Trustpilot,love lucy yak love supporting mission sustainability love service clothing
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Bought a couple of pima t-shirts from…,"Bought a couple of pima t-shirts from Rapanui and couple of months ago - they're the nicest quality t-shirts I've ever owned. I've since bought a couple more of the stripey t-shirts and a jumper... all just lovely quality, wash well, and so comfortable. I'm sure I'll be back for more!",5,2026-03-12 21:47:06+00:00,Trustpilot,bought couple pima tshirts rapanui couple month ago theyre nicest quality tshirts ive ever owned ive since bought couple stripey tshirts jumper lovely quality wash well comfortable im sure ill back
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Definitely for me and the planet!…,I like both the style and quality of all the garments I have bought from Rapanui. Their value for money is super and the ethics of the company takes some beating.,5,2026-03-12 21:42:40+00:00,Trustpilot,like style quality garment bought rapanui value money super ethic company take beating
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Excellent quality,"Just received two more t shirts, excellent quality, great fit and delivered quickly in eco packaging.",5,2026-03-12 21:36:19+00:00,Trustpilot,received two shirt excellent quality great fit delivered quickly eco packaging
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Doing things right,Think it’s great rapanui are trying to do things the right way. More businesses need to follow their lead. Great range of clothes too,5,2026-03-12 21:22:48+00:00,Trustpilot,think great rapanui trying thing right way business need follow lead great range clothes
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Excellent company,"Excellent company, sustainable, good ethics, great clothes, fair prices. Nothing to dislike.",5,2026-03-12 21:13:11+00:00,Trustpilot,excellent company sustainable good ethic great clothes fair price nothing dislike
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Great quality clothing at a reasonable…,Great quality clothing at a reasonable price.  T shirts are particularly good,5,2026-03-12 21:08:17+00:00,Trustpilot,great quality clothing reasonable price shirt particularly good
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Superb,"Easy to order and  delivery prompt Quality of products is excellent Husband still wearing t shirts 5-6 years old Would never buy t shirts anywhere else Little waste, no plastic bags etc  recycling encouraged - return old items",5,2026-03-12 21:06:48+00:00,Trustpilot,easy order delivery prompt quality product excellent husband still wearing shirt year old would never buy shirt anywhere else little waste plastic bag etc recycling encouraged return old item
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,I'm with Rapanui since 2022 and I don't…,I'm with Rapanui since 2022 and I don't plan to change anytime soon. Thank you!,5,2026-03-12 21:03:47+00:00,Trustpilot,im rapanui since dont plan change anytime soon thank
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Lovely quality clothes,"Lovely quality clothes, nicely styled. Good service. Ethical. Love them",5,2026-03-12 21:00:16+00:00,Trustpilot,lovely quality clothes nicely styled good service ethical love
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Excellent clothing,Excellent clothing. Good quality and comfortable shirts. Love the fact that you can recycle your old Rapanui clothes with the company and they make new clothes with the  material,5,2026-03-12 20:57:34+00:00,Trustpilot,excellent clothing good quality comfortable shirt love fact recycle old rapanui clothes company make new clothes material
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,I would love to give a positive review…,"I would love to give a positive review as I have been buying from Rapanui for many years to support their ethical approach. However, I have now had so many poor quality items, that really don't last very long, that I can no longer consider it a sustainable choice. I also find it frustrating that when I raise a concern (ie, most recently you have sent me a jumper with a hole in it) I rarely get a reply without having to chase.",3,2026-03-12 20:51:27+00:00,Trustpilot,would love give positive review buying rapanui many year support ethical approach however many poor quality item really dont last long longer consider sustainable choice also find frustrating raise concern ie recently sent jumper hole rarely get reply without chase
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Fantastic quality clothes.,Fantastic quality clothes. I love my jumpers from Rapanui. The blue and green v necks are lovely and so comfy. I love Rapanui's green credentials.,5,2026-03-12 20:51:11+00:00,Trustpilot,fantastic quality clothes love jumper rapanui blue green v neck lovely comfy love rapanuis green credential
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Love this company,Love this company.  Clothes are great quality.  Returns quick and easy.  Would absolutely recommend.,5,2026-03-12 20:49:03+00:00,Trustpilot,love company clothes great quality return quick easy would absolutely recommend
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,"Great company, great quality clothes","Great company, great clothes. I keep coming back. The cotton surfer towel poncho was a huge hit as a present for my family members.",5,2026-03-12 20:46:59+00:00,Trustpilot,great company great clothes keep coming back cotton surfer towel poncho huge hit present family member
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Quality products,"Quality products , great service and not costing the earth. What’s not to love ?",5,2026-03-12 20:43:45+00:00,Trustpilot,quality product great service costing earth whats love
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Great quality ethical clothes business,"Great customer service, reliable delivery, no wasted plastic in the delivery packaging and really high quality clothes. Plus a great attitude to sustainability. Would 100% recommend.",5,2026-03-12 20:41:35+00:00,Trustpilot,great customer service reliable delivery wasted plastic delivery packaging really high quality clothes plus great attitude sustainability would recommend
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,"Smock, utility trousers, t shirts.","Everything that I've bought from Rapanui , t shirts for my Mrs. Coats, trousers, shirts, have all been made to the best quality. Great fitting and completely original. Safe in the knowledge it's all environmentally friendly. 100% recommend.",5,2026-03-12 20:37:06+00:00,Trustpilot,everything ive bought rapanui shirt mr coat trouser shirt made best quality great fitting completely original safe knowledge environmentally friendly recommend
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Great clothes,"Great clothes, great sale",5,2026-03-12 20:36:30+00:00,Trustpilot,great clothes great sale
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Great quality clothing made in a…,Great quality clothing made in a sustainable way.,5,2026-03-12 20:34:57+00:00,Trustpilot,great quality clothing made sustainable way
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,super company!,"Great clothes - make up over half my wardrobe! Love all the designs. Fast postage, great customer service and a focus on sustainability.",5,2026-03-12 20:34:51+00:00,Trustpilot,great clothes make half wardrobe love design fast postage great customer service focus sustainability
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Rapanui is an ethical and high quality…,Rapanui is an ethical and high quality circular producer of clothing. They have a great exchange system for when the clothes are no longer as fresh as they were. They have already been pioneering a way for a while and have influenced much of how we can buy things with minimal impact on the environment. The way they do things continues to blaze a trail and gives hope for the future.,5,2026-03-12 20:34:38+00:00,Trustpilot,rapanui ethical high quality circular producer clothing great exchange system clothes longer fresh already pioneering way influenced much buy thing minimal impact environment way thing continues blaze trail give hope future
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Bought some clothes for my son,"Bought some clothes for my son, he loves them all, material is really good quality and soft. I then bought my son in law some track bottoms and Top and he hasn’t stopped wearing them. Great company.",5,2026-03-12 20:33:42+00:00,Trustpilot,bought clothes son love material really good quality soft bought son law track bottom top hasnt stopped wearing great company
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,The quality is second to none.,"The quality is amazing. I have purchased many items now and each item is always perfect. From underwear to winter coats ,I have absolutely nothing negative to say about any items.",5,2026-03-12 20:28:13+00:00,Trustpilot,quality amazing purchased many item item always perfect underwear winter coat absolutely nothing negative say item
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Rapanui - my first choice for shirts and jackets,"Rapanui is now my go-to choice for great quality, long-lasting T-shirts, shirts, and jackets. And when they finally wear out. I can return them free of charge for recycling and a credit.",5,2026-03-12 20:23:56+00:00,Trustpilot,rapanui goto choice great quality longlasting tshirts shirt jacket finally wear return free charge recycling credit
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,I love the ethical and sustainable…,I love the ethical and sustainable stance that Rapanui have taken. Love the products. Latest joys are organic towelling beach robes used after showering in our household and the simple light design of the mens cotton hooded raincoat,5,2026-03-12 20:23:11+00:00,Trustpilot,love ethical sustainable stance rapanui taken love product latest joy organic towelling beach robe used showering household simple light design men cotton hooded raincoat
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,The guys at Rapanui completes my order…,The guys at Rapanui completes my order efficiently and it arrived packed in eco friendly packaging. The t shirts are as expected and medium ordered fitted as expected. Lovely soft cotton of a nice weight.,5,2026-03-12 20:20:13+00:00,Trustpilot,guy rapanui completes order efficiently arrived packed eco friendly packaging shirt expected medium ordered fitted expected lovely soft cotton nice weight
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Love how the material feels on my skin,I love their products and the way they feel on my skin. I'm trying to remove toxins from artificial materials entering my body and this company products are a great help. I'm a fan!,5,2026-03-12 20:15:58+00:00,Trustpilot,love product way feel skin im trying remove toxin artificial material entering body company product great help im fan
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Bought a lot of stuff from Rapanui over…,Bought a lot of stuff from Rapanui over the years. Really good quality and great service if you need to exchange anything.,5,2026-03-12 20:15:36+00:00,Trustpilot,bought lot stuff rapanui year really good quality great service need exchange anything
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Excellent Company,"Great company to deal with, good quality, reasonable prices. I  have bought several items of clothing for me and my family and efficient delivery too..",5,2026-03-12 20:14:21+00:00,Trustpilot,great company deal good quality reasonable price bought several item clothing family efficient delivery
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Very happy customer,"I love the jacket I got, the colour, the cut, the quality, all are perfect.",5,2026-03-12 20:12:28+00:00,Trustpilot,love jacket got colour cut quality perfect
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Love Rapanui,"The clothes are good quality, good fit and reasonably priced especially considering their environmental credentials. Can’t say enough good things about Rapanui, I have been buying from them for years and always a positive experience.",5,2026-03-12 20:10:44+00:00,Trustpilot,clothes good quality good fit reasonably priced especially considering environmental credential cant say enough good thing rapanui buying year always positive experience
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Lovely quality clothing and it feels…,"Lovely quality clothing and it feels good to shop with such an ethical company. I have numerous short and long sleeved t shirts in different colours. The quality is great, customer service is excellent, the organic cotton is soft and wears well.",5,2026-03-12 20:09:58+00:00,Trustpilot,lovely quality clothing feel good shop ethical company numerous short long sleeved shirt different colour quality great customer service excellent organic cotton soft wear well
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Great clothes,Great clothes. Ethically sourced. Great customer service  what more can you ask for!,5,2026-03-12 20:08:47+00:00,Trustpilot,great clothes ethically sourced great customer service ask
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Rapanui is an amazing organisation!,"Rapanui is an amazing organisation that makes quality, beautiful clothing which is super sustainable and good for people ans planet. All my interactions with their cistomer service team have been stellar and I just love Rapanui and everything they are doing ❤️",5,2026-03-12 20:06:40+00:00,Trustpilot,rapanui amazing organisation make quality beautiful clothing super sustainable good people an planet interaction cistomer service team stellar love rapanui everything
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Good stuff at good prices,"Bought several things over the last couple of years and all have been good, the sweatshirts and hoodies are particularly toasty. Prices are good as well, and the delivery has always been solid.",5,2026-03-12 20:06:34+00:00,Trustpilot,bought several thing last couple year good sweatshirt hoodies particularly toasty price good well delivery always solid
Primark,Fast Fashion,Self service tills,Spent half of my lunch break in Drogheda choosing some items to purchase. Could not wait in Q as it was so long. Too many self service and not enough tellers. Have had to stop shopping in penneys during the week for this reason,2,2026-03-12 16:26:53+00:00,Trustpilot,spent half lunch break drogheda choosing item purchase could wait q long many self service enough teller stop shopping penneys week reason
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Awful,"Awful, cannot speak to anyone in customer service. Ordered my items a week ago and no update. The website states delivery within 5 days. Absolute lies!! I want my money back you scammers.",1,2026-03-11 21:02:49+00:00,Trustpilot,awful speak anyone customer service ordered item week ago update website state delivery within day absolute lie want money back scammer
Missguided,Fast Fashion,WORST COMPANY EVER,WORST COMPANY EVER! Not even worth one star. Do not order!! Has now been taken over by Shein. Takes forever to arrive even though it says 5 working days. Quality is horrendous. No item is as described. They have a ridiculous return process that they do not respond to. Been waiting since November for a refund! Absolute joke!,1,2026-03-06 21:11:08+00:00,Trustpilot,worst company ever even worth one star order taken shein take forever arrive even though say working day quality horrendous item described ridiculous return process respond waiting since november refund absolute joke
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Absolute crap,"Absolute crap, over £100 on shit that comes off shein, nothings the right size, looks like costume clothing. Waste of money and time.",1,2026-03-05 00:04:26+00:00,Trustpilot,absolute crap shit come shein nothing right size look like costume clothing waste money time
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Where is my order!,Terrible experience! Paid via PayPal and they have no option of contacting them if you are not a registered member on their website! I ordered 3 weeks ago and no update that it’s been dispatched at all and no way of contacting them! SHAMELESS and DISGRACEFUL. This is actually fraud!!!,1,2026-03-02 23:55:43+00:00,Trustpilot,terrible experience paid via paypal option contacting registered member website ordered week ago update dispatched way contacting shameless disgraceful actually fraud
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,I’m giving 5 stars because my issue was…,I’m giving 5 stars because my issue was resolved!  I sent back some items recently and when I got my refund I only received it on part of my return. I emailed and they replied pretty quickly and confirmed they had only received part of my return when I sent it all! I kept my receipt from the post office which by weight confirmed by the weight that I’d sent everything. Full refund was issued. Scary moment but all resolved. So happy. Just abit sad that happened. I have since returned other bits with no issues,5,2026-03-02 06:56:12+00:00,Trustpilot,im giving star issue resolved sent back item recently got refund received part return emailed replied pretty quickly confirmed received part return sent kept receipt post office weight confirmed weight id sent everything full refund issued scary moment resolved happy abit sad happened since returned bit issue
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,My favorite clothing brand,They are an excellent sustainable clothing brand. I appreciate everything they do in terms of sustainability and ethics. They are very transparent and trustworthy. Some of their prints fade a bit too quickly. The quality of their clothing has been going downhill recently.,4,2026-02-21 22:14:31+00:00,Trustpilot,excellent sustainable clothing brand appreciate everything term sustainability ethic transparent trustworthy print fade bit quickly quality clothing going downhill recently
Primark,Fast Fashion,Careful with the Essence brand products - allergy r,"I bought this last week and have had the worst experience of my life. My face and neck turned red and burned. Stupidly, I gave it another try the next day because I wasn't sure the issue was this, and guess what? Again, the same problem. Because my skin was already sensitive, it has been 3 days now, and I still have my face red in some areas, and it is very itchy. Be careful….",1,2026-02-21 00:17:32+00:00,Trustpilot,bought last week worst experience life face neck turned red burned stupidly gave another try next day wasnt sure issue guess problem skin already sensitive day still face red area itchy careful
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Wish I knew and read the new reviews…,Wish I knew and read the new reviews that this was sold on to SHEIN and the delay in shipping - it has been nearly 2 weeks now and no update on the parcel. Including paying shipping costs. Loved missguided before but will completely avoid in future. Following on the parcel Finally did arrive and the items are shocking such poorly quality and an awful chemical smell - nothing at all like the pictures at all and after reading the reviews now for the returns process going to take this one on the chin and accept failure on my part! Just really disappointing as it use to be so good. The advice I give is to Avoid!,1,2026-02-19 20:03:36+00:00,Trustpilot,wish knew read new review sold shein delay shipping nearly week update parcel including paying shipping cost loved missguided completely avoid future following parcel finally arrive item shocking poorly quality awful chemical smell nothing like picture reading review return process going take one chin accept failure part really disappointing use good advice give avoid
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Good customer service,Kat went out of her way to sort an issue I had (no fault of L&Y nor mine) but it was resolved super quickly. Thanks Kat!,5,2026-02-19 10:24:05+00:00,Trustpilot,kat went way sort issue fault ly mine resolved super quickly thanks kat
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Don’t use this company. I want to return my order they make it…,I want to return my order they make it impossible. Do not use them the clothes are bad quality. You can’t contact them. I phoned to be cut off several times. My account with them shows no order  so I have no order no so can not get any information to return my order.  Do Not Use Them,1,2026-02-18 12:27:30+00:00,Trustpilot,want return order make impossible use clothes bad quality cant contact phoned cut several time account show order order get information return order use
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Nightmare returns policy,"So I had no idea about Missguided going into liquidation in 2022 and now work with Shein. I would never have come on here if I decided that I wanted to keep the jacket which is nice , lined etc but I decided nearly £40 was just a bit much when I didn’t really need it. So was going to send back. Instantly when I went through the refund process, they took off £7 from what I paid and said I’d get just over £30 back. I thought they’d send a shipping label for postage, they don’t, you have to write it on yourself I think then pay for the postsge?! Tbh I’m completely confused what I have to do and by reading all the 1 star reviews on here I can’t believe how many people have not been refunded after returning their order. So I’m not returning the jacket as it looks like a nightmare and I probably wouldn’t get my money back less very expensive postage!! Terrible customer service.",2,2026-02-18 00:08:35+00:00,Trustpilot,idea missguided going liquidation work shein would never come decided wanted keep jacket nice lined etc decided nearly bit much didnt really need going send back instantly went refund process took paid said id get back thought theyd send shipping label postage dont write think pay postsge tbh im completely confused reading star review cant believe many people refunded returning order im returning jacket look like nightmare probably wouldnt get money back less expensive postage terrible customer service
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Top notch overall,"Top notch services, and high quality clothes. They helped me with my return issue I faced immediately and that helped a lot.",5,2026-02-15 17:40:32+00:00,Trustpilot,top notch service high quality clothes helped return issue faced immediately helped lot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Mega !,"No mater if it´s from the website or in store, it’s always a perfect experience. High quality items, friendly staff, and problems solved quickly (only happened once but customer service is top notch ! See you soon",5,2026-02-15 16:34:29+00:00,Trustpilot,mater website store always perfect experience high quality item friendly staff problem solved quickly happened customer service top notch see soon
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Returns,"Had to return a pair of jeans. The process went smoothly even with the re activation of a voucher. One of the assistants realised I need a petite size as I’m 5’2” and produced a pair of the same style which fitted perfectly. Very professional, very happy me!",5,2026-02-15 12:07:15+00:00,Trustpilot,return pair jean process went smoothly even activation voucher one assistant realised need petite size im produced pair style fitted perfectly professional happy
Missguided,Fast Fashion,The return process is really tedious…,"The return process is really tedious like the other reviewers already have said. It is also costly. I had to figure out how to do it myself as their instruction is unclear. If anyone wants to know in case they didn't reply about the return, you have to ""send"" the parcel to their return address. So rather than ""returning"" it, you are ""sending"" the parcel to a recipient. On the EVRI website, I had to add the address and everything else myself and pay for the parcel myself, which cost me around £7. Then go back onto the Missguided website and enter the tracking number from the EVRI label. Saying that, I did receive my refund within a week of sending the parcel minus the shipping cost.",1,2026-02-13 20:39:22+00:00,Trustpilot,return process really tedious like reviewer already said also costly figure instruction unclear anyone want know case didnt reply return send parcel return address rather returning sending parcel recipient evri website add address everything else pay parcel cost around go back onto missguided website enter tracking number evri label saying receive refund within week sending parcel minus shipping cost
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,"Dear Lucy & Yak Team,","Dear Lucy & Yak Team, I wanted to share my heartfelt thanks for the genuinely wonderful experience I had at your paint workshop in the Spitalfields Market pop-up on Friday 23rd January @ 11-1. From the moment I arrived, your team made me feel so welcome — especially Joe, the store manager, and Marina, his cheerful and approachable assistant. When the workshop started a little late, Marina immediately put us at ease, invited us to look around the beautiful store and greeted everyone with a warm, friendly smile. When Joe arrived, he couldn’t have been more apologetic and attentive. He took the time to explain how the workshop would run, asked if we needed anything, and listened when I explained how nervous I was about painting on my special work dungarees. Rather than dismissing my concern, he kindly offered me a practice tote bag, even asking what colour I preferred — such a thoughtful touch. His reassuring, patient, and genuinely caring manner — along with bringing us paints and offering cold drinks — made the afternoon truly special. Joe checked in at just the right moments to be supportive without hovering. I had the best couple of hours; I felt confident, creative, and genuinely happy — something I really needed after a tough week. This experience has given me the confidence to personalise my Lucy & Yak dungarees and aprons with my own designs, and I couldn’t be more delighted with what I created. See photos attached. Please could you pass this message on to head office and to Joe, and let him know how much his kindness and encouragement meant to me? I’d also love for Marina to be recognised for her warm, bright energy — her smile really sets the tone for a welcoming experience.",5,2026-02-12 22:58:06+00:00,Trustpilot,dear lucy yak team wanted share heartfelt thanks genuinely wonderful experience paint workshop spitalfields market popup friday rd january moment arrived team made feel welcome especially joe store manager marina cheerful approachable assistant workshop started little late marina immediately put u ease invited u look around beautiful store greeted everyone warm friendly smile joe arrived couldnt apologetic attentive took time explain workshop would run asked needed anything listened explained nervous painting special work dungaree rather dismissing concern kindly offered practice tote bag even asking colour preferred thoughtful touch reassuring patient genuinely caring manner along bringing u paint offering cold drink made afternoon truly special joe checked right moment supportive without hovering best couple hour felt confident creative genuinely happy something really needed tough week experience given confidence personalise lucy yak dungaree apron design couldnt delighted created see photo attached please could pas message head office joe let know much kindness encouragement meant id also love marina recognised warm bright energy smile really set tone welcoming experience
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Shocking!!,"Shocking!!! Did not know missguided was now shein. Took an age to arrive which I wasn't warned about, every item was that awful cheap shiny material, not as described AT ALL then to top it off have to pay to return, and follow a ridiculous amount of steps to prove I have done so! I wish I saw these reviews first!! Will absolutely never use again and do not recommend. AVOID",1,2026-02-12 22:22:27+00:00,Trustpilot,shocking know missguided shein took age arrive wasnt warned every item awful cheap shiny material described top pay return follow ridiculous amount step prove done wish saw review first absolutely never use recommend avoid
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Awful quality and NO RETURN PORTAL,"Wish I'd read these reviews before ordering! The clothes are not just terrible quality (I've since found out Missguided were bought out by SHEIN so that's probably why), I had the exact same problem as others - THERE IS NO RETURN PORTAL. You have to go to a courier website and pay to send (not return - send) the parcel back to them. This includes figuring out weight, dimensions, insuring it to the value of the order, etc. - things that would (and should) all be handled by a professional return portal like on, I don't know, EVERY OTHER CLOTHING RETAILER'S WEBSITE. Having now read the reviews and seen others don't actually get their money back after returning, I'll save myself the additional return cost (which is nearly £10 FYI - usually no more than about £4 deducted from other retailers), and try to resell these shoddy items secondhand to recoup some of my cost. I'm shocked tbh - this used to be a good shop, and now its unprofessional and sweatshop-esque. I highly recommend you DO NOT BUY.",1,2026-02-12 17:17:57+00:00,Trustpilot,wish id read review ordering clothes terrible quality ive since found missguided bought shein thats probably exact problem others return portal go courier website pay send return send parcel back includes figuring weight dimension insuring value order etc thing would handled professional return portal like dont know every clothing retailer website read review seen others dont actually get money back returning ill save additional return cost nearly fyi usually deducted retailer try resell shoddy item secondhand recoup cost im shocked tbh used good shop unprofessional sweatshopesque highly recommend buy
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Wish I could give no stars,"Wish I could give no stars. I ordered a pair of jeans for my daughter over a month ago, they haven't arrived. Shoppers beware, wouldn't touch them with a barge pole total scam 😒",1,2026-02-10 11:28:52+00:00,Trustpilot,wish could give star ordered pair jean daughter month ago havent arrived shopper beware wouldnt touch barge pole total scam
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Emily was prompt and very…,Emily was prompt and very professional.Thanks yakkers team 😊 🌺,4,2026-02-09 17:54:13+00:00,Trustpilot,emily prompt professionalthanks yakkers team
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Returns Nightmare — Still No Refund,"I’ve been a Missguided customer for years and never had major issues until now. I recently returned a dress due to poor quality and bad fit. I followed their returns process exactly, met all criteria, sent the item back, and kept both postage and tracking receipts. However, their returns portal repeatedly failed when uploading the required images. I contacted customer service multiple times via chat and email, but there is no way to speak to a real person. I only received automated or error responses, with no resolution. Missguided have the returned item and my money, yet I still haven’t received a refund. Being stuck in an endless loop of chasing is completely unacceptable. I would not recommend ordering from them.",1,2026-02-09 10:30:27+00:00,Trustpilot,ive missguided customer year never major issue recently returned dress due poor quality bad fit followed return process exactly met criterion sent item back kept postage tracking receipt however return portal repeatedly failed uploading required image contacted customer service multiple time via chat email way speak real person received automated error response resolution missguided returned item money yet still havent received refund stuck endless loop chasing completely unacceptable would recommend ordering
Primark,Fast Fashion,Exeter store,"Exeter store. Messy.Untidy, Leaks from ceiling with buckets everywhere.Long queues, changing rooms -1 closed.Went to ground floor changing rooms with large section signposted 'women' and tiny section on right signposted 'unisex'.So why is there no sign for men? Disgusting! and a lot of disgruntled customers sharing same view and staff had no answers.",1,2026-02-08 11:53:38+00:00,Trustpilot,exeter store messyuntidy leak ceiling bucket everywherelong queue changing room closedwent ground floor changing room large section signposted woman tiny section right signposted unisexso sign men disgusting lot disgruntled customer sharing view staff answer
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Recently visited the Castleford…,"Recently visited the Castleford Freeport store with my daughter and  purchased items for my daughter who has nothing but praise for the design and quality of the clothes. My daughter loved the wide range and value for money, with the assistant being extremely helpful, sorry didn't get her name.",5,2026-02-06 12:54:53+00:00,Trustpilot,recently visited castleford freeport store daughter purchased item daughter nothing praise design quality clothes daughter loved wide range value money assistant extremely helpful sorry didnt get name
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Fast response with resolution of query,Fast response with resolution of query,5,2026-02-05 15:23:27+00:00,Trustpilot,fast response resolution query
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Difficult to return items,Really difficult to return item and you have to pay postage yourself. No return label provided. Bad experience,1,2026-02-04 21:35:11+00:00,Trustpilot,really difficult return item pay postage return label provided bad experience
Primark,Fast Fashion,Faulty Boots…,Purchased a pair of boots end of September. Not worn til Nov & complete sole has cracked. Took them back to Primark Belfast city centre. Didn't have receipt but showed bank statement which manager didn't even bother to look at. She offered me £3  refund for boots I had paid £20. She said I wasn't entitled to full refund as didn't have receipt. I brought boots back home as wouldn't accept £3 for them. I'm not a happy customer at all. Definitely won't be buying footwear from them again if this is way they go after 2 months wear.,1,2026-02-02 18:33:51+00:00,Trustpilot,purchased pair boot end september worn til nov complete sole cracked took back primark belfast city centre didnt receipt showed bank statement manager didnt even bother look offered refund boot paid said wasnt entitled full refund didnt receipt brought boot back home wouldnt accept im happy customer definitely wont buying footwear way go month wear
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Don't bother ordering,"Items came from China so didn't receive them in time for the event I wanted them for. Returned one of the items on 11/01, had to pay to return the item through Evri. They have confirmed the return but Misguided still haven't confirmed it or refunded the money. Just to add insult to injury I did pay in 3 through Klarna, they duplicated my payment plan so I have paid double. Have been backwards and forwards with Klarna and misguided and they both just sending me to the other. Won't order from misguided again.",1,2026-02-01 12:44:25+00:00,Trustpilot,item came china didnt receive time event wanted returned one item pay return item evri confirmed return misguided still havent confirmed refunded money add insult injury pay klarna duplicated payment plan paid double backwards forward klarna misguided sending wont order misguided
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Truly awful,"Truly awful, no way of returning a dress that arrived late with super low quality. Awful, lost 100 pounds",1,2026-01-30 17:33:04+00:00,Trustpilot,truly awful way returning dress arrived late super low quality awful lost pound
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Very helpful and friendly team with…,Very helpful and friendly team with timely response.,5,2026-01-30 14:21:17+00:00,Trustpilot,helpful friendly team timely response
Missguided,Fast Fashion,I will never order from here again,I will never order from here again. I ordered from Canada and the parcel went to Jamaica and back to store. I never received parcel and had to pay for the 50$ to ship to Jamaica and back to store. Never had a company do that. Disappointed kid and money lost.,1,2026-01-29 10:04:55+00:00,Trustpilot,never order ordered canada parcel went jamaica back store never received parcel pay ship jamaica back store never company disappointed kid money lost
Missguided,Fast Fashion,"Terrible experience, still awaiting refund 6 months later","Terrible experience - placed a large order but had to return all but one thing due to faulty stitching, poor quality and inconsistent sizing. Had to pay for the return postage myself (which was nearly £15), Missguided promised to reimburse this but sent it to the wrong PayPal account and refused to correct their mistake. Missguided used to be great but since being taken over by SHEIN it’s terrible.",1,2026-01-29 09:50:17+00:00,Trustpilot,terrible experience placed large order return one thing due faulty stitching poor quality inconsistent sizing pay return postage nearly missguided promised reimburse sent wrong paypal account refused correct mistake missguided used great since taken shein terrible
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Do not buy from here .I sent back 3…,Do not  buy from here .I sent back 3 item  which was signed  for  and never  got refund.  So no reply to my emails,1,2026-01-28 17:31:06+00:00,Trustpilot,buy sent back item signed never got refund reply email
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,All good!,"Quick reply, nice communication, helped me directly and the dungarees I got are amazing!",5,2026-01-24 13:05:07+00:00,Trustpilot,quick reply nice communication helped directly dungaree got amazing
Missguided,Fast Fashion,What Happened?,First time using Missguided since they were bought by Shein. Delivery has so far taken THREE WEEKS. Never again. A once trusted brand is now a shambles.,1,2026-01-24 09:56:59+00:00,Trustpilot,first time using missguided since bought shein delivery far taken three week never trusted brand shamble
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Responsive and supportive,I complained about the quality of a fleece I had for Christmas. The team were great and sent me a credit note. Thankyou!,5,2026-01-23 15:46:08+00:00,Trustpilot,complained quality fleece christmas team great sent credit note thankyou
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,"Effective, quick and kindest crew","Love the brand and their products. The crew is always quick in solving any issues with so much kindness and understanding. I really felt considered and helped by contacting them, even though I’m not from the uk and my English can be uneven sometimes.",5,2026-01-19 13:09:32+00:00,Trustpilot,love brand product crew always quick solving issue much kindness understanding really felt considered helped contacting even though im uk english uneven sometimes
Primark,Fast Fashion,Too Small…,"My Daughter and I bought a box of Knickers each. Same Boxes, same size different Colours (4 pairs per box). Her ones are so obviously bigger than mine and sized correctly. Mine are too small. A return Taxi to take them back would not be cost effective. Disappointed",1,2026-01-18 22:23:14+00:00,Trustpilot,daughter bought box knickers box size different colour pair per box one obviously bigger mine sized correctly mine small return taxi take back would cost effective disappointed
Primark,Fast Fashion,I bought thermals for men from primark…,"I bought thermals for men from primark and let me say they are worth every penny. I went fishing in them for a day and passed wind at roughly 1230 pm in them. It was only at about 1530 when I got home and stripped off that it hit me. I was kept warm and dry and reminded when I got home of the quality of the said garments . Top warmth and comfort , would recommend",5,2026-01-18 21:21:46+00:00,Trustpilot,bought thermal men primark let say worth every penny went fishing day passed wind roughly pm got home stripped hit kept warm dry reminded got home quality said garment top warmth comfort would recommend
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,The service I received was impeccable…,The service I received was impeccable and incredibly timely. Superb.,5,2026-01-17 19:03:07+00:00,Trustpilot,service received impeccable incredibly timely superb
Missguided,Fast Fashion,What a terrible customer service,What a terrible customer service. Hard tp create a return. Impossible to get in touch with customer services. Sent over 2 days few messages on Facebook no one looked at it or try to help. I am blocking the site it’s so MISSGUIDED LOL CRAP COMPANY STAY AWAY FROM THEM,1,2026-01-16 12:43:59+00:00,Trustpilot,terrible customer service hard tp create return impossible get touch customer service sent day message facebook one looked try help blocking site missguided lol crap company stay away
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Poor quality of item and customer service,"Poor quality of item and customer service. I ordered a skirt which was damaged when it arrived (had a rip down the seam). The parcel came in SHEIN packaging which I was surprised about as I wasn’t aware that miss guided were now getting their clothing from SHEIN. It took ages to come too so I think it got shipped from china. I asked for a refund due to the damaged item which they were happy to give me a ‘100% refund’ - however, they only refunded me what I paid for the item and not the £4.99 shipping fee. I don’t expect to lose out on money when I receive a damaged item, but they are refusing to refund me shipping costs despite the damaged item.",1,2026-01-14 14:42:41+00:00,Trustpilot,poor quality item customer service ordered skirt damaged arrived rip seam parcel came shein packaging surprised wasnt aware miss guided getting clothing shein took age come think got shipped china asked refund due damaged item happy give refund however refunded paid item shipping fee dont expect lose money receive damaged item refusing refund shipping cost despite damaged item
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,I had a problem with my ticket because…,I had a problem with my ticket because I put in the wrong email address when I emailed I’ve got a lovely response. Emily was brilliant and I’d highly recommend using this service. I’m looking forward to attending the craft event in Norwich.,5,2026-01-13 10:54:05+00:00,Trustpilot,problem ticket put wrong email address emailed ive got lovely response emily brilliant id highly recommend using service im looking forward attending craft event norwich
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Great customer service,Great customer service after order went missing. My order was replaced and sent to me straight away,5,2026-01-12 15:26:35+00:00,Trustpilot,great customer service order went missing order replaced sent straight away
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,quick response,quick response alternative offered,5,2026-01-10 12:39:19+00:00,Trustpilot,quick response alternative offered
Missguided,Fast Fashion,They are such a scam,"They are such a scam , the price of the products double when added to the cart and when u contact them they answer only by email with random text, just be aware about the price they are such a big scam I sent them screenshots of the products with the prices and they still lying, so disappointing, I was not aware on my first order so for sure I was scammed with the cost At least the shipping was ok",1,2026-01-10 07:22:13+00:00,Trustpilot,scam price product double added cart u contact answer email random text aware price big scam sent screenshots product price still lying disappointing aware first order sure scammed cost least shipping ok
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Decent experience,Good quality clothes for fair prices. Have bought from Lucy & Yak 5+ times without any issues.,5,2026-01-09 02:59:57+00:00,Trustpilot,good quality clothes fair price bought lucy yak time without issue
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Used to be a good company terrible…,Used to be a good company terrible service not completing refund taking weeks to get anywhere. Pretty much a scammer company now.,1,2026-01-08 10:54:46+00:00,Trustpilot,used good company terrible service completing refund taking week get anywhere pretty much scammer company
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,First time customer,First time customer. Item came super speedy and is AMAZING! Very happy and will undoubtedly be back.,5,2026-01-04 20:57:03+00:00,Trustpilot,first time customer item came super speedy amazing happy undoubtedly back
Primark,Fast Fashion,Disgraceful exchange policy,"Disgraceful exchange policy, especially when only wanted to change size of a gents fleece that was bought as a gift. We were told no exchange allowed. Primark need to review there policy.",1,2026-01-03 23:27:22+00:00,Trustpilot,disgraceful exchange policy especially wanted change size gent fleece bought gift told exchange allowed primark need review policy
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Excellent help but more needed!,"Excellent help from my contact email, though sadly the style I had asked for is discontinued.  I was advised to advertise on L & Y “in search of” Facebook page but I found it impossible to know how to put the template into a post. Some more guidance for the less able technically would be appreciated.",5,2026-01-03 16:38:40+00:00,Trustpilot,excellent help contact email though sadly style asked discontinued advised advertise l search facebook page found impossible know put template post guidance less able technically would appreciated
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,I accidentally put an old address in…,"I accidentally put an old address in for the shipping address, I then emailed the company immediately and Hannah was very quick to respond.",5,2026-01-01 17:11:58+00:00,Trustpilot,accidentally put old address shipping address emailed company immediately hannah quick respond
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Size was too big for my grand daughter,"Size was too big for my grand daughter, the matter was resolved without any fuss and very quickly. Unfortunately you were sold out for this item , so a very speedy refund was given .thankyou",5,2025-12-31 18:19:42+00:00,Trustpilot,size big grand daughter matter resolved without fuss quickly unfortunately sold item speedy refund given thankyou
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Always been very happy with both the…,Always been very happy with both the items and the service.,5,2025-12-30 18:35:57+00:00,Trustpilot,always happy item service
Missguided,Fast Fashion,WARNING DO NOT BUY,"Ordered what was advertised as a jumpsuit from what I thought was a local website. Shipping took over 2 weeks as its actually coming from China. I opened the package today inside was one tracksuit TOP,( not even a full jumpsuit!!!! )made of cheap swimsuit type fabric. For over £20.00 it unbearable quality. I want to return it but the process seems very inaccessible and difficult. May have to just count it as a loss.",1,2025-12-29 18:13:08+00:00,Trustpilot,ordered advertised jumpsuit thought local website shipping took week actually coming china opened package today inside one tracksuit top even full jumpsuit made cheap swimsuit type fabric unbearable quality want return process seems inaccessible difficult may count loss
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Five star customer service,"I’ve been looking at this store for years and my first time in contact with their customer support was after receiving a gift of yaks that were unfortunately too small. However their support (specifically Hannah!) could not have been any more helpful - even with the little amount of details I had to give about the order, they easily set up the exchange/return for me. Such a lovely, great team behind such a great brand :)",5,2025-12-29 11:24:59+00:00,Trustpilot,ive looking store year first time contact customer support receiving gift yak unfortunately small however support specifically hannah could helpful even little amount detail give order easily set exchangereturn lovely great team behind great brand
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Extremely disappointed with L&Y,"Extremely disappointed with L&Y! Went on to the app to order from their sale Boxing Day morning, found lots of items at incredible price of £14, so added them to my basket, however when I went to check out the prices of 3 of the items increased from £14 to anywhere between £26-42!! When I complained to L&Y they said it was a “glitch” but that they were entitled change pricing at any point, including when items are in your basket or going through the payment process. I feel this is a case of using algorithms to assess when lots of items are being bought they increase prices? Expected much more from an ‘ethical company’ 😞",1,2025-12-27 16:41:44+00:00,Trustpilot,extremely disappointed ly went app order sale boxing day morning found lot item incredible price added basket however went check price item increased anywhere complained ly said glitch entitled change pricing point including item basket going payment process feel case using algorithm assess lot item bought increase price expected much ethical company
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,E mails to entice you to look,"E mails to entice you to look At the sale .  Items at £14 duly added to basket , go to check out and the price has gone back to £42 .. when questioned was directed to the small print that they are able to change prices at any given time even if in your basket . The algorithm working at its finest I’d say . Very disingenuous sale practice .",1,2025-12-27 16:36:11+00:00,Trustpilot,e mail entice look sale item duly added basket go check price gone back questioned directed small print able change price given time even basket algorithm working finest id say disingenuous sale practice
Primark,Fast Fashion,Appalling,Did an online click and collect order 10 December to collect on 18 December money taken from my bank straight away then bounced back in 2days later contacted customer service twice who were no help whatsoever couldn’t tell me wether it was out of stock surely stock is allocated to you when you do click and collect they didn’t have that information this was the first and last time I will use primark click and collect received an email on Christmas Eve your parcel is ready to collect then several emails stating I had 1 day left to collect another you have 3days ???? Never had such a bad experience with any other company with click and collect if I could give less than 1 star I would .,1,2025-12-26 12:11:37+00:00,Trustpilot,online click collect order december collect december money taken bank straight away bounced back day later contacted customer service twice help whatsoever couldnt tell wether stock surely stock allocated click collect didnt information first last time use primark click collect received email christmas eve parcel ready collect several email stating day left collect another day never bad experience company click collect could give less star would
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Amazing service,Amazing service. Didn't feel Like your typical corporation. I had an issue eith my girlfriends order and someone from the team sorted it asap. During Christmas.,5,2025-12-25 20:57:36+00:00,Trustpilot,amazing service didnt feel like typical corporation issue eith girlfriend order someone team sorted asap christmas
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Scammy,This website has turned scammy AF. Clothes arrived in Shein bags!! But no mention of it on the site. Dishonest..,2,2025-12-24 16:52:52+00:00,Trustpilot,website turned scammy af clothes arrived shein bag mention site dishonest
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Had issues with needing to return an…,Had issues with needing to return an item and staff was super helpful and responsive to emails. Got issue resolved quickly. Items that I received were great just needed a different size.,5,2025-12-24 14:51:06+00:00,Trustpilot,issue needing return item staff super helpful responsive email got issue resolved quickly item received great needed different size
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Excellent chat support,Excellent chat support. Advisor Pearl resolved my refund issue promptly and professionally. Outstanding customer service that ensures I'll return for future assistance.,5,2025-12-24 12:20:56+00:00,Trustpilot,excellent chat support advisor pearl resolved refund issue promptly professionally outstanding customer service ensures ill return future assistance
Missguided,Fast Fashion,You’ll pay to return. Quality is the WORST,Zero stars. The quality is the poorest ever! I ordered 5 items totalling about $100. The photos doesn’t even come close to the actual items. The fabric is the worst. I MEAN THE WORST. I wouldn’t order from this shop. You’ll end up having to pay for returns. I paid $20+ trying to return the items. Mind you the address they send you to delivery the items isn’t even accurate per UPS. The zip code is all wrong. I’d rather spend $100 on 1 item with great quality than 5 items that’ll go straight to the trash anyway.,1,2025-12-22 23:44:58+00:00,Trustpilot,zero star quality poorest ever ordered item totalling photo doesnt even come close actual item fabric worst mean worst wouldnt order shop youll end pay return paid trying return item mind address send delivery item isnt even accurate per ups zip code wrong id rather spend item great quality item thatll go straight trash anyway
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Lucy & Yak were recommended to me by my…,"Lucy & Yak were recommended to me by my daughter. I’ve been very pleased with the items I’ve purchased, returns and queries have been dealt with promptly. I will be ordering again.",5,2025-12-20 16:31:30+00:00,Trustpilot,lucy yak recommended daughter ive pleased item ive purchased return query dealt promptly ordering
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Ella from Lucy and Yak and and honestly…,"Ella from Lucy and Yak and and honestly deserves all the praise for helping me with so quickly with this order, the type of service you usually wait a week for, shout out Ella!",5,2025-12-19 19:57:08+00:00,Trustpilot,ella lucy yak honestly deserves praise helping quickly order type service usually wait week shout ella
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Prompt resolution to delivery issues,There was an issue with the delivery from Royal Mail. When I contacted Lucy & Yak for help they were extremely prompt in resolving the issue. I was very impressed with their customer service and would happily shop with the again as a result!,5,2025-12-18 13:24:56+00:00,Trustpilot,issue delivery royal mail contacted lucy yak help extremely prompt resolving issue impressed customer service would happily shop result
Missguided,Fast Fashion,I am extremely disappointed with…,"I am extremely disappointed with Missguided’s customer service. I want to return my clothes for a refund because the quality is very poor. However, returning them has been made practically impossible Missguided provided me with the following return address: DC-1, Logistyczna 1A, 05-090 Katy Wroclawskie, Ramp 35 The problem is that the postal code does not match the city. I checked this with multiple postal services, and the postal code does not exist for that location. I sent Missguided clear evidence showing that the address and postal code do not match. Despite this, they keep insisting the postal code is correct and simply tell me to “try a different postal provider.” I did, several providers, and none of them recognize this address with that postal code. Instead of correcting the address or offering an alternative solution, customer service keeps ignoring the issue and repeating the same response. At this point, it feels like they are deliberately preventing me from returning the items so they don’t have to issue a refund. Has anyone been able to figure out their postal code? Very poor quality products and even worse customer service. I would not recommend ordering from Missguided if you expect any support with returns or refunds",1,2025-12-17 18:29:56+00:00,Trustpilot,extremely disappointed missguideds customer service want return clothes refund quality poor however returning made practically impossible missguided provided following return address dc logistyczna katy wroclawskie ramp problem postal code match city checked multiple postal service postal code exist location sent missguided clear evidence showing address postal code match despite keep insisting postal code correct simply tell try different postal provider several provider none recognize address postal code instead correcting address offering alternative solution customer service keep ignoring issue repeating response point feel like deliberately preventing returning item dont issue refund anyone able figure postal code poor quality product even worse customer service would recommend ordering missguided expect support return refund
Primark,Fast Fashion,Ordered online with click and collect…,Ordered online with click and collect because they didn't have in stock in store. Then I get an email 3 days later telling me sorry item out of stock so we have refunded. Come on Primark it's 2025 get your stock sorted! No excuse for selling online and then not having stock in the warehouse. Very disappointed. Every other company in the world has managed to get live inventory why can't you!,1,2025-12-16 21:40:19+00:00,Trustpilot,ordered online click collect didnt stock store get email day later telling sorry item stock refunded come primark get stock sorted excuse selling online stock warehouse disappointed every company world managed get live inventory cant
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Lucy&Yack outlet,Staff at the junction 32 castleford outlet are absolutely amazing! They go out of their way to provide great customer service also to add the shop layout is perfect for those in wheelchairs/prams no bumping into one another. Each time I’ve gone they are always so welcoming and if you don’t want want to talk they give you space. The re-yak system is amazing when you want to get something new but don’t know what to do with your old stuff. Definitely recommend going to the outlet each time you go it’s always changing it up!! Even some of the new pieces online can be in shop👀,5,2025-12-14 04:19:38+00:00,Trustpilot,staff junction castleford outlet absolutely amazing go way provide great customer service also add shop layout perfect wheelchairsprams bumping one another time ive gone always welcoming dont want want talk give space reyak system amazing want get something new dont know old stuff definitely recommend going outlet time go always changing even new piece online shop
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Would never have ordered had i realised…,"Would never have ordered had i realised it was coming from China, ordered 28th Nov and today 13th Dec still not here, going abroad tomorrow so unable to take anything I ordered.",1,2025-12-13 21:47:49+00:00,Trustpilot,would never ordered realised coming china ordered th nov today th dec still going abroad tomorrow unable take anything ordered
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,I'm so glad that I found Lucy&Yak,"I'm so glad that I found Lucy&Yak, I've been looking for new trousers with little luck when a friend said"" try Lucy&Yak"". I didn't find trousers but did find exactly the pinafore dress that I've been looking for for ages and I'll definitely be shopping with them again. It's refreshing to find great quality, well made and uniquely designed clothes.The sizing is true to size and sensible, love the organic cotton and the ethical and sustainable ethos of the company. I've been very impressed with the excellent communication and the speed of dispatch and delivery. As a new customer I wasn't sure which size to buy but it has been so easy to return items and exchange for a different size and they were most helpful when I did email with a problem, replying quickly.It has been a pleasure to shop with them and I'm absolutely delighted with my new clothes. Thank you Lucy&Yak.",5,2025-12-13 18:03:35+00:00,Trustpilot,im glad found lucyyak ive looking new trouser little luck friend said try lucyyak didnt find trouser find exactly pinafore dress ive looking age ill definitely shopping refreshing find great quality well made uniquely designed clothesthe sizing true size sensible love organic cotton ethical sustainable ethos company ive impressed excellent communication speed dispatch delivery new customer wasnt sure size buy easy return item exchange different size helpful email problem replying quicklyit pleasure shop im absolutely delighted new clothes thank lucyyak
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Quality products and service!,"Love this unique brand. Quality products and service! Unfortunately, Royal Mail lost my package, but as soon as I let L&Y know, we agreed to wait for the end of the week to see if it would turn up (unfortunately it didn't), I let them know on Friday AM and by the next day I had my replacement item! Very impressed with Adam's great service and that of the team.",5,2025-12-13 17:29:46+00:00,Trustpilot,love unique brand quality product service unfortunately royal mail lost package soon let ly know agreed wait end week see would turn unfortunately didnt let know friday next day replacement item impressed adam great service team
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Historic problem arising sorted quickly and helpfully,"I had some problems with my PayPal account and didn’t recognise this Company. Turns out I had sent an E-voucher to a relative some months ago - birthday present. Showed my daughter the website and she said “That would have been ***** Mum” and she was right. I contacted them, they had sent me full details of the voucher and were amazingly helpful. Plus my relative has now been pleased and used the voucher!",5,2025-12-13 13:24:20+00:00,Trustpilot,problem paypal account didnt recognise company turn sent evoucher relative month ago birthday present showed daughter website said would mum right contacted sent full detail voucher amazingly helpful plus relative pleased used voucher
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Super service.,Super service. They reacted very quick by email. Not a robot but a real person. The clothes are super too! Glad with Lucy and Yak.,5,2025-12-13 10:51:03+00:00,Trustpilot,super service reacted quick email robot real person clothes super glad lucy yak
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Worth every penny,"as always, whenever an issue, they go out of their way to fix it. I am very impressed not only with the clothing, but the customer service that carries on after. Yes you may think the clothing is expensive, but it's well made, lasts forever and is such a worthwile investment on a permanent and hardwearing item.",5,2025-12-12 13:28:10+00:00,Trustpilot,always whenever issue go way fix impressed clothing customer service carry yes may think clothing expensive well made last forever worthwile investment permanent hardwearing item
Primark,Fast Fashion,Bracknell - rude,Bracknell - rude staff at changing area.  The signs in the shop need to be addressed to indicate if it’s male or female or mixed.,1,2025-12-12 10:58:38+00:00,Trustpilot,bracknell rude staff changing area sign shop need addressed indicate male female mixed
Missguided,Fast Fashion,"Good, but lacks transparency","Ok, so Missguided is now owned by Shein but of course there is no transparency on the website thus what you are ordering on misguided is actually coming from China.  Honestly I have to say, I love Shein on the whole albeit, you have to check a lot of reviews to ensure what you are buying is decent quality.  I would therefore recommend that anything you choose to purchase from missguided, you search for this on the parent website where not only will you get a cheaper price it will also ensure you get to see reviews about the overall quality of the item.  I am literally only giving 3 stars due to the lack of transparency on the Missguided website about where the items ship from, resulting in bad reviews due to long shipping times and some items being lower quality than that advertised with no reviews to show the item from other buyer perspectives.  Do your homework when purchasing and trust me, you will find some quality items but be aware the wait can be longer than expected.",3,2025-12-12 03:29:49+00:00,Trustpilot,ok missguided owned shein course transparency website thus ordering misguided actually coming china honestly say love shein whole albeit check lot review ensure buying decent quality would therefore recommend anything choose purchase missguided search parent website get cheaper price also ensure get see review overall quality item literally giving star due lack transparency missguided website item ship resulting bad review due long shipping time item lower quality advertised review show item buyer perspective homework purchasing trust find quality item aware wait longer expected
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Do NOT use,"Bought a dress for £38. When it arrived it was a cheap Shein dress. Tried to refund and they dont accept returns. Disgusting, stole my money",1,2025-12-11 20:25:41+00:00,Trustpilot,bought dress arrived cheap shein dress tried refund dont accept return disgusting stole money
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,"Gorgeous clothing, great team!","The team behind Lucy & Yak are fantastic! One of my parcels was lost in the postal system, and they refunded me as soon as I contacted them, and then sent me a lovely email. I’ve been wearing their clothes ever since a friend introduced me to them. Excellent quality and lovely designs! Totally taken over my wardrobe (s)..🤣",5,2025-12-10 15:15:09+00:00,Trustpilot,team behind lucy yak fantastic one parcel lost postal system refunded soon contacted sent lovely email ive wearing clothes ever since friend introduced excellent quality lovely design totally taken wardrobe
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Terrible Returns,"The ordering wasn’t a problem, when the item came I didn’t like it as it was poor quality for the price and let me just say the returns process is abysmal. Never have I gone through the returns process and have had to go to a carriers website to generate the returns label myself and on top of that it costing more than a regular return from anywhere else. They should just get rid of their website all together and stick to selling on she in or sports direct. CRAP!",2,2025-12-10 15:02:15+00:00,Trustpilot,ordering wasnt problem item came didnt like poor quality price let say return process abysmal never gone return process go carrier website generate return label top costing regular return anywhere else get rid website together stick selling sport direct crap
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Awful return process,Awful return process. Avoid! You have to pay for and sort out your own return. There are no return labels. And they take almost a month to give you your money back! Avoid!!!,1,2025-12-09 23:08:46+00:00,Trustpilot,awful return process avoid pay sort return return label take almost month give money back avoid
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Always excellent quality clothes that…,"Always excellent quality clothes that last and keep their colour. Eco-friendly packaging, great eco credentials too. Staff always friendly and responsive to online contact and staff in store incredibly helpful too.",5,2025-12-08 18:06:50+00:00,Trustpilot,always excellent quality clothes last keep colour ecofriendly packaging great eco credential staff always friendly responsive online contact staff store incredibly helpful
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Quick response to my query,"Quick response to my query, thank you",5,2025-12-07 01:28:46+00:00,Trustpilot,quick response query thank
Missguided,Fast Fashion,No complaints so far,"First time ordering from missguided and received the items today.  I wasn't aware it was from China as the date I needed the items for have sadly passed, however I love everything ive received. Great quality and fit, im reading so many bad reviews but I honest cant complain (so far). I've gave 4 stars opposed to 5 as I do need to return 3 items that are simply too big, hoping that goes smoothly, I paid using klarna so the payment will just get blocked if there are any issues! Im holding out in hope all is OK though but based on experience so far I would definitely order again",4,2025-12-06 16:09:00+00:00,Trustpilot,first time ordering missguided received item today wasnt aware china date needed item sadly passed however love everything ive received great quality fit im reading many bad review honest cant complain far ive gave star opposed need return item simply big hoping go smoothly paid using klarna payment get blocked issue im holding hope ok though based experience far would definitely order
Missguided,Fast Fashion,AVOID YOU WILL NOT GET YOUR REFUND,"Received an item that took weeks to arrive, sizing way off, wouldn't fit a doll! Accepted my return and I even have an email from them acknowledging receipt of the item and confirming my refund has been issued. We are now 3 weeks of emails back and forward and I STILL HAVE NO REFUND! Paypal strangely closed the claim in their favour as they confirmed they had refunded me, even although PayPal can clearly see they have not. This company have basically STOLEN from me and as they are based in China, its a waste of time continuing to email. I have lodged a chargeback on my card. DO NOT BUY FROM MISGUIDED AVOID AVOID AVOID",1,2025-12-06 09:36:58+00:00,Trustpilot,received item took week arrive sizing way wouldnt fit doll accepted return even email acknowledging receipt item confirming refund issued week email back forward still refund paypal strangely closed claim favour confirmed refunded even although paypal clearly see company basically stolen based china waste time continuing email lodged chargeback card buy misguided avoid avoid avoid
Missguided,Fast Fashion,AVOID THIS COMPANY!!,"AVOID THIS COMPANY!!! I returned 5 items to the value of £134 in Nov 4th, in the given time scale. I have proof they received the items at the address they told me to send them to. The address was in Walsall and I was travelling back home via Walsall around the same time, I decided to hand deliver the return to them. The warehouse is on an industrial estate that is  mainly for Shein. It’s full of Chinese and Asian workers who couldn’t speak very good English. When I was eventually able to speak to someone I was told they only accept items through the post which meant I had to pay £20 to return the items via Royal Mail. Which I did. I paid for items using the Klarna app. And after a month I still haven’t received a refund. I will be contacting Klarna to tell them Missguided are in breach of consumer rights as they should issue a refund within 14 days of receiving a return and they should not be offering a financial partnership with them any longer!!",1,2025-12-05 23:28:28+00:00,Trustpilot,avoid company returned item value nov th given time scale proof received item address told send address walsall travelling back home via walsall around time decided hand deliver return warehouse industrial estate mainly shein full chinese asian worker couldnt speak good english eventually able speak someone told accept item post meant pay return item via royal mail paid item using klarna app month still havent received refund contacting klarna tell missguided breach consumer right issue refund within day receiving return offering financial partnership longer
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,I love Lucy and Yak—I enjoy the fun and…,I love Lucy and Yak—I enjoy the fun and quirky prints.  Their customer service is unparalleled —I will be a customer for life.,5,2025-12-05 20:28:58+00:00,Trustpilot,love lucy yaki enjoy fun quirky print customer service unparalleled customer life
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Disgusting,"Would be a Zero if there was an option !!!! Their return policy gives you 3 options to return … Ups .. DHL … & Evri … they give a name & address to return to , at your own cost !! Evri need a QR code .. UPS & DHL need an e. Mail address & tel no for the receiver…  at Miss Guided !!! They will not give me this !!! as it’s a unit no !!!!! This is not the Miss Guided that was .. it’s gotta be someone selling off bits of Miss Guided stock .. I have asked to return by Royal Mail , who doesn’t need the receivers name or e. Mail address but it is not an option … Most peeps would give up & just keep it , however I’m not !!!!!!",1,2025-12-04 15:24:54+00:00,Trustpilot,would zero option return policy give option return ups dhl evri give name address return cost evri need qr code ups dhl need e mail address tel receiver miss guided give unit miss guided got ta someone selling bit miss guided stock asked return royal mail doesnt need receiver name e mail address option peep would give keep however im
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Having not received the 10% when I…,"Having not received the 10% when I ordered from my newly downloaded app … very quickly they helped by sending me a 10% refund … lovely, efficient customer service !!",5,2025-12-03 21:32:17+00:00,Trustpilot,received ordered newly downloaded app quickly helped sending refund lovely efficient customer service
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Nice online shop with many sizes,"Nice online shop with many sizes, excellent customer support, helped me out a lot. 10/10",5,2025-12-02 14:23:08+00:00,Trustpilot,nice online shop many size excellent customer support helped lot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Customer service is awful,"Customer service is awful. Ive ordered a click and collect which was due to collect yesterday, however I had the dispatched to the plymouth store email but nothing to say its ready to collect. Ive emailed.. nothing, online chat...doesnt connect to a human, plymouth store... doesnt answer the phone. Ive recently had surgery and dont want to go all the way into the city centre for it not to be ready but also dont want to miss my window for collection considering the amount of reviews that have had problems with no collection notification until they've decided to send it back. GB4238059585",1,2025-12-01 13:20:58+00:00,Trustpilot,customer service awful ive ordered click collect due collect yesterday however dispatched plymouth store email nothing say ready collect ive emailed nothing online chatdoesnt connect human plymouth store doesnt answer phone ive recently surgery dont want go way city centre ready also dont want miss window collection considering amount review problem collection notification theyve decided send back gb
Missguided,Fast Fashion,terrible company,"terrible company, no customer service response what so ever, no contact number which answers, trying to return an item is awful, they don’t even give qr codes to send off when filling out the return label! SCAM AND AVOID",1,2025-11-27 15:00:58+00:00,Trustpilot,terrible company customer service response ever contact number answer trying return item awful dont even give qr code send filling return label scam avoid
Primark,Fast Fashion,We bought daughter a top for birthday…,We bought daughter a top for birthday but it was a size too small. Unfortunately we could not find receipt but had payment on banking app. Labels still on jumper but Bournemouth Primark store refused to change for next size up jumper. Poor daughter upset as had really wanted top for her birthday.,1,2025-11-25 16:50:16+00:00,Trustpilot,bought daughter top birthday size small unfortunately could find receipt payment banking app label still jumper bournemouth primark store refused change next size jumper poor daughter upset really wanted top birthday
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Avoid avoid avoid,"Like so many other reviews, I had no idea MISSGUIDED was now owned by Shein. No indication that everything is shipped from China, and the est delivery window is absolute nonsense. Items arrived late, poor quality, awful customer service and I since found the exact same item from MISSGUIDED themselves on Shein at half the price!!",1,2025-11-23 13:10:37+00:00,Trustpilot,like many review idea missguided owned shein indication everything shipped china est delivery window absolute nonsense item arrived late poor quality awful customer service since found exact item missguided shein half price
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Very professional,"Very professional, super quick. Exceptional customer service.",5,2025-11-21 16:49:26+00:00,Trustpilot,professional super quick exceptional customer service
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Horrendous experience,"Horrendous experience Spent about £100 on an order and had to return all items except one due to poor sizing/quality! Have been chasing this up and they keep referring to a refund from a previous order in August, even after I sent evidence of the item being signed their end on collection over 2 weeks ago! All of the information I provided clearly states this order was made on October and returned within the timescales! This is very upsetting and frustrating especially when I have photographic proof they have received the parcel which I also had to incur the costs of returning!!! I feel like I am speaking another language! I have been emailing back and forth for a week now this is terrible!!",1,2025-11-21 13:29:04+00:00,Trustpilot,horrendous experience spent order return item except one due poor sizingquality chasing keep referring refund previous order august even sent evidence item signed end collection week ago information provided clearly state order made october returned within timescales upsetting frustrating especially photographic proof received parcel also incur cost returning feel like speaking another language emailing back forth week terrible
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Worst customers services & returns…,Worst customers services & returns procedure ever. Will never order from them again. Better service with Temu!,1,2025-11-20 10:04:59+00:00,Trustpilot,worst customer service return procedure ever never order better service temu
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Received a dress that was too small,"Received a dress that was too small, after email upon emails and being asked to measure the dress... What is that all about. Have no idea how to return as no instructions. I went through the customer service.. absolutely impossible to send this back. Been trying a few weeks to do this. Never again would I buy from this company. Stay well clear",1,2025-11-19 21:42:00+00:00,Trustpilot,received dress small email upon email asked measure dress idea return instruction went customer service absolutely impossible send back trying week never would buy company stay well clear
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Royal mail lost my parcel by putting it…,"Royal mail lost my parcel by putting it in my bin which got cleared away! Lucy and yak replaced the item with no fuss, really good to deal with.",5,2025-11-17 19:03:08+00:00,Trustpilot,royal mail lost parcel putting bin got cleared away lucy yak replaced item fuss really good deal
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Excellent customer service,"In my experience Lucy and Yak are an excellent company selling high quality clothes with very responsive customer service, so I was surprised to see that they are getting some negative reviews. Reading the recent ones though, most of them seem to be related to a scam website posting to be Lucy and Yak - avoid by going directly for their website rather than clicking links and check carefully before buying.",5,2025-11-15 09:28:05+00:00,Trustpilot,experience lucy yak excellent company selling high quality clothes responsive customer service surprised see getting negative review reading recent one though seem related scam website posting lucy yak avoid going directly website rather clicking link check carefully buying
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Natalie was great,"Natalie was great, the issue was resolved in one email.",5,2025-11-14 21:42:31+00:00,Trustpilot,natalie great issue resolved one email
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Very quick to help me,Very quick to help me. Thanks,5,2025-11-14 19:09:11+00:00,Trustpilot,quick help thanks
Missguided,Fast Fashion,I am trying to return some items back…,"I am trying to return some items back to Missguided UK, and they have made this difficult to implement. I was online , within the return window of a week and a few days. There is a ridiculous contact form that will not allow me to enter my order number manually. This is prevented by a drop-down option that displays my order, but it will not let me select the order to complete the return process. I do not want to be stuck with this order or now end up passing the return date because of their rigged system - what should I do ?",1,2025-11-14 16:14:08+00:00,Trustpilot,trying return item back missguided uk made difficult implement online within return window week day ridiculous contact form allow enter order number manually prevented dropdown option display order let select order complete return process want stuck order end passing return date rigged system
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Excellent customer service!,"I didn’t end up purchasing anything, but I had an excellent experience with customer service! I bought a jacket which was too big, I exchanged it for a smaller size but since it was still too big I ultimately asked for a refund. The customer service agent, Hannah, who I contacted via email, was super helpful! Everything from ordering to the return process to the refund, was super smooth!",5,2025-11-14 13:19:12+00:00,Trustpilot,didnt end purchasing anything excellent experience customer service bought jacket big exchanged smaller size since still big ultimately asked refund customer service agent hannah contacted via email super helpful everything ordering return process refund super smooth
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Amazing customer service,"You dont normally see people talk about customer service unless its a negative and I feel when companies do it right it should be talked about just as much. I'd placed an order and a few days later a new promo had launched, I contacted the email and quoted my order reference and they'd refunded me back the discount all within hours which is outstanding on something they didn't need to honour. Will certainly be back",5,2025-11-13 15:51:58+00:00,Trustpilot,dont normally see people talk customer service unless negative feel company right talked much id placed order day later new promo launched contacted email quoted order reference theyd refunded back discount within hour outstanding something didnt need honour certainly back
Missguided,Fast Fashion,On the 21st of October I returned two…,On the 21st of October I returned two dresses as they were not suitable. I requested a refund I have also sent email upon email to be constantly fobbed off being advised they are looking into this. I have emailed proof of return postage. Still no refund issued avoid this company at all costa I am now taking this further,1,2025-11-12 18:26:06+00:00,Trustpilot,st october returned two dress suitable requested refund also sent email upon email constantly fobbed advised looking emailed proof return postage still refund issued avoid company costa taking
Missguided,Fast Fashion,If I could give this company zero…,"If I could give this company zero stars, I would! Missguided, represents the old stereotypical views of buying from China. Cheap rubbish with even worse customer service! I ordered from this rubbish company, and returned their cheap clothes. I had to pay £13.99 for tracked return. They received the goods in September! It's now November and I am still awaiting a refund! They lie every time you email to ask for an update. At this point they have just stolen my money. In the UK all the trading standards and governing bodies are beyond useless! So you don't get your money back, and theiving companies like Missguided continue to rob innocent customers with impunity Save your money don't buy from this terrible cheap company!",1,2025-11-12 16:43:34+00:00,Trustpilot,could give company zero star would missguided represents old stereotypical view buying china cheap rubbish even worse customer service ordered rubbish company returned cheap clothes pay tracked return received good september november still awaiting refund lie every time email ask update point stolen money uk trading standard governing body beyond useless dont get money back theiving company like missguided continue rob innocent customer impunity save money dont buy terrible cheap company
Missguided,Fast Fashion,DISGRACEFUL AND DISGUSTING!!,"DISGRACEFUL AND DISGUSTING!! I placed my order and literally one minute later, not a second more, I messaged them to cancel it. The next day they emailed me asking “why do you want to cancel” I HAVE NEVER SEEN THIS IN MY LIFE! Why would they ask why, as a consumer you have the right to cancel especially when it’s a minute after placing order, it was not dispatched, nothing! When i replied to that email i said I am not obligated to tell you as long as I’m within my rights! The next day they shipped it out and emailed me saying “oh sorry it was already dispatched” Can you believe how disgusting they are?? Word of advice, never buy from them! They’re 100% trained scammers!",1,2025-11-09 10:03:59+00:00,Trustpilot,disgraceful disgusting placed order literally one minute later second messaged cancel next day emailed asking want cancel never seen life would ask consumer right cancel especially minute placing order dispatched nothing replied email said obligated tell long im within right next day shipped emailed saying oh sorry already dispatched believe disgusting word advice never buy theyre trained scammer
Missguided,Fast Fashion,"Cheap, tacky rubbish","They are essentially just dropshipping cheap, tacky garbage from China for a 400% markup, ordered 2 items and they didn't appear to be the right shape for a human being in the slightest The returns process is very awkward, no prepaid labels and simple drop-offs like most other companies, instead they gave you an address and you have to sort it all out by yourself. Awful, awful, awful - avoid!",1,2025-11-08 16:49:45+00:00,Trustpilot,essentially dropshipping cheap tacky garbage china markup ordered item didnt appear right shape human slightest return process awkward prepaid label simple dropoffs like company instead gave address sort awful awful awful avoid
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Hannah,"Hannah, dealt with my delicate matter with compassion and sorted out the mess I made.  Very grateful for everything she did.",5,2025-11-07 18:41:18+00:00,Trustpilot,hannah dealt delicate matter compassion sorted mess made grateful everything
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Top notch customer service,Top notch customer service - fast response - and lovely helpful staff,5,2025-11-07 12:33:40+00:00,Trustpilot,top notch customer service fast response lovely helpful staff
Missguided,Fast Fashion,New Misguided from Shien - SCAMMERS,"I bought a dress that doesn’t fit, when registering my refund they gave me £15.56 when the item cost me £18.75. I have emailed them asking why and their response has nothing to do with my question. The return process is not easy- no QR code, have to pay for delivery and upload evidence and tracking info. Reading these reviews doesn’t look like I’m going to get my money back!! DO NOT BUY COMPLETE SCAM!!!!",1,2025-11-06 20:25:07+00:00,Trustpilot,bought dress doesnt fit registering refund gave item cost emailed asking response nothing question return process easy qr code pay delivery upload evidence tracking info reading review doesnt look like im going get money back buy complete scam
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Recommended,... fair und fancy products. Friendly and fast customer service. Ordered from Germany,5,2025-11-04 11:43:04+00:00,Trustpilot,fair und fancy product friendly fast customer service ordered germany
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Ordered 2 items they are way too big,Ordered 2 items they are way too big. I sent a request to return them And they want me to send photos of the wash tag with a tape measure showing how big it is! Absolutely ridiculous I just want to return something. No company has ever asked me for this just to return an item! It’s took 10 days to get to me and the tracking information wasn’t even available! Don’t order from here it’s a shambles,1,2025-11-04 04:15:25+00:00,Trustpilot,ordered item way big sent request return want send photo wash tag tape measure showing big absolutely ridiculous want return something company ever asked return item took day get tracking information wasnt even available dont order shamble
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Don’t bother,Didn’t realise they’d been bought by shein but have actually had better service from shein! Item is far too big and not as described. Had to request a return as that info isn’t freely available. Asked me to send pictures alongside a tape measure? The dress is too big FOR ME! Advised they have to allow a return under consumer rights act but heard nothing back.,1,2025-11-02 01:58:21+00:00,Trustpilot,didnt realise theyd bought shein actually better service shein item far big described request return info isnt freely available asked send picture alongside tape measure dress big advised allow return consumer right act heard nothing back
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Superb customer care,"Bought a fleece which I thought was fine so removed the tags, however when I tried it with different clothing realised it was too big. I contacted customer service to see what I could do and they were super helpful and really quick at responding. Really impressed by their customer care.",5,2025-11-02 00:14:51+00:00,Trustpilot,bought fleece thought fine removed tag however tried different clothing realised big contacted customer service see could super helpful really quick responding really impressed customer care
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Super helpful with everything!,Super helpful with everything!,5,2025-10-31 18:30:50+00:00,Trustpilot,super helpful everything
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Terrible customer service,I was unaware the company had been taken over by Shein. The product quality has dropped and Im finding it extremely difficult to return a couple of my items. I have been asked to take pictures of the labels with a measuring tape...... absolutely ludicrous. Never experienced such a polava to return items. Even the Shein website is easier to return Shein items! If I knew I had to go through such a headache to rrturn items I would have never ordered them. I was a Misguided customer but will not be ordering from them again.,1,2025-10-31 09:32:23+00:00,Trustpilot,unaware company taken shein product quality dropped im finding extremely difficult return couple item asked take picture label measuring tape absolutely ludicrous never experienced polava return item even shein website easier return shein item knew go headache rrturn item would never ordered misguided customer ordering
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Stole my money,Accepted my returns but didn't refund my money. Do not buy. Avoid,1,2025-10-27 15:13:56+00:00,Trustpilot,accepted return didnt refund money buy avoid
Primark,Fast Fashion,Can you review any lower than 1!!!,Can you review any lower than 1!!!! i bought a spider-man hat for my son in cork!! tried to exchange it in the Corrib Centre in Galway today !!! wow to say the staff were awful was an understatement!! too bothered with a charity cycle to help ANYONE!!! two staff hiding behind rails laughing and joking about antibiotics !! The manager would not swap a child's hat for me !! Loads in stock !! loads and i was past 1 day to return it! i spent 200 Euros in pennys !! but the manager today was so rude and so awful !! Came home with 2 hats    !! Worst Pennys ever !! avoid !! Dear Primark your target market is now teens !! Do you realise parents fund the teens !!!! avoid this store,1,2025-10-25 23:27:04+00:00,Trustpilot,review lower bought spiderman hat son cork tried exchange corrib centre galway today wow say staff awful understatement bothered charity cycle help anyone two staff hiding behind rail laughing joking antibiotic manager would swap child hat load stock load past day return spent euro penny manager today rude awful came home hat worst penny ever avoid dear primark target market teen realise parent fund teen avoid store
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Disgusting!,"Firstly, the website barley works and I wasn’t aware they had been taken over by Shein, none of the products matched the description/images, were all awful and horrid material and the refund process is a joke! It is disgusting I have to pay out of my own pocket to send clothes back made from underpaid staff! Never buy from here.",1,2025-10-23 18:53:43+00:00,Trustpilot,firstly website barley work wasnt aware taken shein none product matched descriptionimages awful horrid material refund process joke disgusting pay pocket send clothes back made underpaid staff never buy
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,I can’t rate Lucy & Yak highly enough,"I can’t rate Lucy & Yak highly enough. I’ve been shopping with them for years, their clothes are unique, really colourful and comfortable, also sustainable. Their customer service is outstanding, Ella and the team recently went above and beyond to sort out an issue with an order which was actually my fault as I had put in the wrong email address. They  were so lovely and helpful, sorted it out promptly. 😊",5,2025-10-23 18:31:03+00:00,Trustpilot,cant rate lucy yak highly enough ive shopping year clothes unique really colourful comfortable also sustainable customer service outstanding ella team recently went beyond sort issue order actually fault put wrong email address lovely helpful sorted promptly
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Love all my L&Y clothes,Love all my L&Y clothes. I bought a jacket for my wife for her birthday which sadly went missing at the fault of royal mail and they kindly refunded me and gave me a discount to buy another jacket. Thank you so much. X,5,2025-10-22 19:10:05+00:00,Trustpilot,love ly clothes bought jacket wife birthday sadly went missing fault royal mail kindly refunded gave discount buy another jacket thank much x
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Clothes are badly made,"These clothes are not true to the website pictures, bad quality and fitting, they won't even give free returns. Never will I buy from them again.",1,2025-10-20 11:33:57+00:00,Trustpilot,clothes true website picture bad quality fitting wont even give free return never buy
Missguided,Fast Fashion,No refunds available even though it is expensive to send back,Terrible service. You cannot get a refund and have to send clothes back to an address in Poland. No use as you pay a lot and they never return any of your emails. Quality fo clothes also low.,1,2025-10-19 14:56:58+00:00,Trustpilot,terrible service get refund send clothes back address poland use pay lot never return email quality fo clothes also low
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,"Excellent customer service and beautiful, colourful clothes",There was a glitch with my delivery address and my parcel was returned to L&Y. After I contacted customer service Ella sorted it all out very quickly and I've received my order the next day. The service I received was well above and beyond. A very nice company to deal with in addition to the lovely clothes they sell.,5,2025-10-17 16:29:15+00:00,Trustpilot,glitch delivery address parcel returned ly contacted customer service ella sorted quickly ive received order next day service received well beyond nice company deal addition lovely clothes sell
Missguided,Fast Fashion,I returned items worth £87.50 and have…,I returned items worth £87.50 and have not had a refund. Can’t get my money back through PayPal and am being ignored by customer services.,1,2025-10-17 13:29:32+00:00,Trustpilot,returned item worth refund cant get money back paypal ignored customer service
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,"Awesome clothes, awesome people",Deeply grateful for the fast and impeccable help from Lisa and the Lucy and Yak team! Their clothes and accessories are awesome and so are they!,5,2025-10-17 13:08:21+00:00,Trustpilot,deeply grateful fast impeccable help lisa lucy yak team clothes accessory awesome
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Great customer service,"I ordered another pair of Lucy and yak dungarees, my third pair as I love them so much. Unfortunately they were a bit big, so I decided to return them to my local shop in Bristol. Lily who served me was a absolute little star, really helpful and friendly, I would like to say a very big thank you to her I did land up with an exchange which are a good fit and also brought myself another pair 🤭",5,2025-10-16 22:11:36+00:00,Trustpilot,ordered another pair lucy yak dungaree third pair love much unfortunately bit big decided return local shop bristol lily served absolute little star really helpful friendly would like say big thank land exchange good fit also brought another pair
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,I cannot fault this company for…,"I cannot fault this company for excellent customer service. Every time I enter one of their stores, I am greeted by a friendly staff. Unfortunately, my jeans ripped after less than 1 year of owning them. I contacted the team to ask for guidance - I know patching up Yaks is the next best step. They kindly gave me a voucher to purchase new jeans and suggested I either patch up my existing jeans, or return them to the shop to be Re-Yaked!",5,2025-10-15 17:16:30+00:00,Trustpilot,fault company excellent customer service every time enter one store greeted friendly staff unfortunately jean ripped less year owning contacted team ask guidance know patching yak next best step kindly gave voucher purchase new jean suggested either patch existing jean return shop reyaked
Missguided,Fast Fashion,If I could give 0 stars I would,"If I could give 0 stars I would.  This company are the worst company I have ever dealt with.  The item I received was faulty, I reported this, they asked for photos of the fault that I sent them, they then asked for phots of the label, that I sent them.  They then asked for photos of the full item, that I sent them.  I kept asking them for a label to send back but even though the item is faulty I have to pay for the label.  I will never deal with this company again.",1,2025-10-14 12:32:16+00:00,Trustpilot,could give star would company worst company ever dealt item received faulty reported asked photo fault sent asked phot label sent asked photo full item sent kept asking label send back even though item faulty pay label never deal company
Missguided,Fast Fashion,If I could give zero stars I would.,"If I could give zero stars I would. I've been battling since August for a refund. I didnt know misguided was took over by shein, id never have ordered otherwise as their clothes are terrible. They lied and lied saying they'd tried refunding but my bank wouldn't accept until I said I was involving the ombudsman. Low and behold got my refund but for less than I paid. Joke of a company that i will never shop from again.  Their attitudes are as crap as their clothes",1,2025-10-11 18:11:50+00:00,Trustpilot,could give zero star would ive battling since august refund didnt know misguided took shein id never ordered otherwise clothes terrible lied lied saying theyd tried refunding bank wouldnt accept said involving ombudsman low behold got refund less paid joke company never shop attitude crap clothes
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Their returns process is terrible,Their returns process is terrible. I put in my details to return but no returns note or address was sent to my email. Avoid shopping online with this company.,1,2025-10-10 14:04:34+00:00,Trustpilot,return process terrible put detail return return note address sent email avoid shopping online company
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Lucy and Yak is one of my favorite…,"Lucy and Yak is one of my favorite brands! Their clothes aren’t just fun and good quality, but the team is consistently kind and accommodating! No hesitations purchasing from such a well-rounded brand, and they always keep me coming back!",5,2025-10-08 16:06:51+00:00,Trustpilot,lucy yak one favorite brand clothes arent fun good quality team consistently kind accommodating hesitation purchasing wellrounded brand always keep coming back
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Had a faulty item,"Had a faulty item, the team resolved it and gave me several options on how I wanted to proceed with it. Honestly the best customer service and support I could have received!!!",5,2025-10-08 14:50:35+00:00,Trustpilot,faulty item team resolved gave several option wanted proceed honestly best customer service support could received
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Avoid at all costs,Avoid at all costs - they are not providing me with an returns note or dress to return items for a refund,1,2025-10-06 16:04:13+00:00,Trustpilot,avoid cost providing return note dress return item refund
Primark,Fast Fashion,very cheap but suitable clothes for all…,very cheap but suitable clothes for all stuff the environment wasn’t the best tho,4,2025-10-06 11:56:27+00:00,Trustpilot,cheap suitable clothes stuff environment wasnt best tho
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Really hard to contact and then expect…,Really hard to contact and then expect you to pay for return. Won't be shopping with them anymore,1,2025-10-05 22:41:07+00:00,Trustpilot,really hard contact expect pay return wont shopping anymore
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Please avoid!!!,Please avoid!!!! Terrible customer service service! terrible communication Terrible costly returns process Still waiting for £ to be refunded after a long period of time SHEIN clothes. Not the usual misguided Never using them again,1,2025-10-05 08:35:53+00:00,Trustpilot,please avoid terrible customer service service terrible communication terrible costly return process still waiting refunded long period time shein clothes usual misguided never using
Missguided,Fast Fashion,This isn’t like the old misguided - It’s SHEIN,"This isn’t like the old misguided. Which was similar to PLT etc. This is SHEIN clothing. Low quality. Nothing fit well, and the returns process is insane. I had to send images of all the clothes I needed to return. (They were made with such low quality). The returns process was accepted. They give you a return address and YOU have to organise and return it yourself!! My return was delivered the day after and I do not have my refund. They have said ‘once the warehouse receives it’ they will confirm if it’s eligible for a refund!? It has been delivered and I’ve already had acceptance of the refund.  Please don’t bother to order from MISSGUIDED. It’s NOT like the original, and don’t forget it’s all from SHEIN.",1,2025-10-03 12:03:48+00:00,Trustpilot,isnt like old misguided similar plt etc shein clothing low quality nothing fit well return process insane send image clothes needed return made low quality return process accepted give return address organise return return delivered day refund said warehouse receives confirm eligible refund delivered ive already acceptance refund please dont bother order missguided like original dont forget shein
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Ordered 4 items which took weeks to…,"Ordered 4 items which took weeks to arrive. Which I now realise is because items now come from Shein/China after doing some research. Quality is terrible, cheap and one of the dresses I had ordered came stitched the wrong way. When I finally got hold of someone I was told to make my own returns label that cost me £7.60! Also was told to return to a random warehouse. Awful. Avoid.",1,2025-10-02 19:07:11+00:00,Trustpilot,ordered item took week arrive realise item come sheinchina research quality terrible cheap one dress ordered came stitched wrong way finally got hold someone told make return label cost also told return random warehouse awful avoid
Missguided,Fast Fashion,They don’t allow you to return!,In the returns policy they say drop them an email to return but they do not respond. I tried social media too and they ignored it all! You should have the right to return something you’ve bought online,1,2025-10-02 16:53:55+00:00,Trustpilot,return policy say drop email return respond tried social medium ignored right return something youve bought online
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Amazing,"Amazing! Emily was super helpful and prompt with help on my need to action a return, thanks Emily!",5,2025-10-01 18:33:11+00:00,Trustpilot,amazing emily super helpful prompt help need action return thanks emily
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Nearly £7 to return 2 items and they…,"Nearly £7 to return 2 items and they can't even give you a label so had to find a printer as I was sent the address by email!!!  absolute joke, contact options are shocking, returns portal doesnt recognise your order. No issues accepting the sale though. Will never order from them again they need to stay in liquidation absolute s*** show",1,2025-10-01 16:40:30+00:00,Trustpilot,nearly return item cant even give label find printer sent address email absolute joke contact option shocking return portal doesnt recognise order issue accepting sale though never order need stay liquidation absolute show
Missguided,Fast Fashion,"Cheap, tacky, clothing","I use to love misguided and then a new owner took over it. Off course had to be the same one as shein. Misguided has gone right down hill. Crap and cheap material like shein. Wrong sizes and smaller than original sizes would have been or make you look extra swamped instead - since the new owner took over misguided needs to just give in. You’re cheap, tacky and distorted. I use to love shopping with misguided and now I’ll never buy from the brand again. Oh and also if you buy from shein you get free returns but if you buy from the site you have to pay to send items back and before a return you have to contact them specifically for them to give you an address. The company is whack and unprofessional and I’m surprised it’s still in business considering the amount of reviews to their brand. Not worth the money anymore. Just cheap, tacky, fast fashion. I wish the previous owner hadn’t of gone bust they was great for their customers. Trust me don’t buy from here it’s not worth it.",1,2025-09-28 15:26:50+00:00,Trustpilot,use love misguided new owner took course one shein misguided gone right hill crap cheap material like shein wrong size smaller original size would make look extra swamped instead since new owner took misguided need give youre cheap tacky distorted use love shopping misguided ill never buy brand oh also buy shein get free return buy site pay send item back return contact specifically give address company whack unprofessional im surprised still business considering amount review brand worth money anymore cheap tacky fast fashion wish previous owner hadnt gone bust great customer trust dont buy worth
Missguided,Fast Fashion,I wouldn’t even give this 1 star…,I wouldn’t even give this 1 star their customer service is shocking! My items were sent back on the 12th July and i still have not been refunded. Numerous emails and proof of return sent multiple times but no one ever gets back to you it’s just basically a generic email that says they will be in touch. I will never use this site again and will now go through my bank to hopefully claw the money back that they owe me.,1,2025-09-28 09:48:39+00:00,Trustpilot,wouldnt even give star customer service shocking item sent back th july still refunded numerous email proof return sent multiple time one ever get back basically generic email say touch never use site go bank hopefully claw money back owe
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Absolutely love Lucy and Yak dungarees.,Absolutely love Lucy and Yak dungarees. So comfy to wear and I always get compliments.,5,2025-09-26 15:07:11+00:00,Trustpilot,absolutely love lucy yak dungaree comfy wear always get compliment
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,London,"I bought my dungarees at the sale in London this year. I went with my daughter who is a total convert. Now, at the age of 72, I  have had breast cancer for the second time in 22 years. Post mastectomy and reconstruction, as I am healing, I  have found the  dungarees to be a blessing. They are both comfortable and easy to remove and put on. Go Lucy and Yak. I have a soap box...... Over 70s don't  neglect mamagrams! One third of people who get diagnosed with breast cancer are over 70. Nag friends and relatives. Being a woman is not easy, but we are not HELPLESS. Madelaine",5,2025-09-24 14:30:58+00:00,Trustpilot,bought dungaree sale london year went daughter total convert age breast cancer second time year post mastectomy reconstruction healing found dungaree blessing comfortable easy remove put go lucy yak soap box dont neglect mamagrams one third people get diagnosed breast cancer nag friend relative woman easy helpless madelaine
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,I have shopped with Lucy and yak for a…,I have shopped with Lucy and yak for a couple of years or so now. In store and online. Always had a great experience. Most recently I had an issue with a pair of jeans that have developed a tear after a few wears. I emailed customer service with an image and the whole situation was dealt within a couple of emails. Fantastic customer service and care as always 🫶,5,2025-09-23 21:39:27+00:00,Trustpilot,shopped lucy yak couple year store online always great experience recently issue pair jean developed tear wear emailed customer service image whole situation dealt within couple email fantastic customer service care always
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Do not use this company!,"Missguided is now Shein.  The clothes are really bad quality, mis-sized, take so long to arrive and returns are shocking!  I sent my items back 2 weeks ago, followed up today regarding my refund and they asked from proof of return. I've sent it and now have to wait on them confirming they've received it. Which they did, 2 days after I sent it, as I've checked the proof of delivery! Avoid!",1,2025-09-23 10:07:36+00:00,Trustpilot,missguided shein clothes really bad quality missized take long arrive return shocking sent item back week ago followed today regarding refund asked proof return ive sent wait confirming theyve received day sent ive checked proof delivery avoid
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Horrendous!!!,Horrendous since it’s been taken over by SHEIN. Terrible quality items. You have to pay tracking to return and they still haven’t given me my refund which was promised a few months ago. I have now taken this up with my bank to get my money back. Absolute scam!,1,2025-09-22 22:23:05+00:00,Trustpilot,horrendous since taken shein terrible quality item pay tracking return still havent given refund promised month ago taken bank get money back absolute scam
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Terrible experience,"Terrible experience. The item I bought was a play suit which was actually from SHEIN and not miss guided which wasn’t clear when I purchased. It arrived faulty, sent back at my own cost and they wouldn’t refunded the original delivery cost even though the 2015 consumer rights say that you should not pay delivery costs for faulty item. Still waiting for a refund even after many many emails. Will never purchase poor quality items online from here again",1,2025-09-21 09:06:10+00:00,Trustpilot,terrible experience item bought play suit actually shein miss guided wasnt clear purchased arrived faulty sent back cost wouldnt refunded original delivery cost even though consumer right say pay delivery cost faulty item still waiting refund even many many email never purchase poor quality item online
Missguided,Fast Fashion,No refund!!!!,As people have said items are now from SHEIN so you’re paying extra through misguided when you can find the same items on the SHEIN website! I had to pay for the return and used Evri so I had tracking evidence that the item had been delivered to the return address but I’ve never received my refund of £34. I paid through PayPal but they closed my dispute and didn’t do anything! DO NOT order from this site,1,2025-09-20 11:44:32+00:00,Trustpilot,people said item shein youre paying extra misguided find item shein website pay return used evri tracking evidence item delivered return address ive never received refund paid paypal closed dispute didnt anything order site
Missguided,Fast Fashion,I ordered from misguided 3 dresses the…,I ordered from misguided 3 dresses the quality is mediocre and a tad too tight so I wanted to return the items. No options for returning goods as other customers have experienced. As items are only a tad too tight I will hopefully slim into them and plan on losing weight anyway. After reading other reviews I'd prefer to keep the items and not risk being ripped off further by covering the cost of the return and never getting any refund Lesson learned Misguided are a con company I've literally had much better service from Shein and Temu who actually provide efficient refund system. I feel very Misguided and they deserve No rating at all! Be aware and stay away from purchasing from  this dreadful company.,1,2025-09-19 12:53:49+00:00,Trustpilot,ordered misguided dress quality mediocre tad tight wanted return item option returning good customer experienced item tad tight hopefully slim plan losing weight anyway reading review id prefer keep item risk ripped covering cost return never getting refund lesson learned misguided con company ive literally much better service shein temu actually provide efficient refund system feel misguided deserve rating aware stay away purchasing dreadful company
Primark,Fast Fashion,Mr gill,"I had the most amazing experience, the security guard in Kingston primark. He helped me with my bags whilst I shopped, he showed me where everything was. Super friendly and welcoming, and helped me out so much bless his soul kindest person iv ever met. He deserves a pay rise. Mr Gill best security guard in Kingston iv ever met",5,2025-09-18 20:45:57+00:00,Trustpilot,amazing experience security guard kingston primark helped bag whilst shopped showed everything super friendly welcoming helped much bless soul kindest person iv ever met deserves pay rise mr gill best security guard kingston iv ever met
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Didn’t want to give 1 star,Didn’t want to give 1 star! Absolutely shocking service! I’ve been trying to contact them for months to send returns back but it’s impossible!! Do not shop at Missguided!,1,2025-09-18 20:11:20+00:00,Trustpilot,didnt want give star absolutely shocking service ive trying contact month send return back impossible shop missguided
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Scam company,Not delivered. Tracking link doesn't work. Scam company. I'm 25 quid out of pocket and no customer service to answer to,1,2025-09-18 19:40:24+00:00,Trustpilot,delivered tracking link doesnt work scam company im quid pocket customer service answer
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Bad experience,"I bought from Missguided for the first time recently. Ordered a cream jacket I had seen all over social media. Ordered a size 10 as 8 and 6 were out of stock. It arrived and it was awful.....way too thin to be advertised as a jacket,poor quality and too big for me. I returned the jacket asap...no pre-paid label and cost me £3.60 to return. Unfortunately I had also ordered the same jacket in a 6 and 8 BEFORE I received the size 10. So when 6 and 8 arrived I didnt even open I just returned asap at a cost to me of £4.20. I am now £ 7.80 out of pocket but hey ho! I didnt received my refunds so had to chase this up my end by showing proof of returns. Finally got both my refunds today....full amount for size 6 and 8 jackets but the size 10 jacket was £3 less what I paid. When I queried this I was told it was non refundable shipping costs!!!!! So I am over £10 out of pocket! Communication was very poor. I will definately NOT be buying from Missguided again. So please beware....only buy if you are 100% you are going to like the item and you are 100% its going to fit you...otherwise be prepared to lose money!",1,2025-09-18 10:55:13+00:00,Trustpilot,bought missguided first time recently ordered cream jacket seen social medium ordered size stock arrived awfulway thin advertised jacketpoor quality big returned jacket asapno prepaid label cost return unfortunately also ordered jacket received size arrived didnt even open returned asap cost pocket hey ho didnt received refund chase end showing proof return finally got refund todayfull amount size jacket size jacket less paid queried told non refundable shipping cost pocket communication poor definately buying missguided please bewareonly buy going like item going fit youotherwise prepared lose money
Missguided,Fast Fashion,DO NOT USE!!,"DO NOT USE!!! Ordered a dress from them 2 weeks ago, told me 5-8 days. Never got any parcel and still haven’t. Tried to send an email and it’s not letting the email go through to them. Tried to ring the phone number google is giving and it doesn’t work! Took my money and got NOTHING. AVOID AT ALL COSTS!!!!!!",1,2025-09-17 22:46:43+00:00,Trustpilot,use ordered dress week ago told day never got parcel still havent tried send email letting email go tried ring phone number google giving doesnt work took money got nothing avoid cost
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Great,"Fast, polite and useful response",5,2025-09-17 10:23:09+00:00,Trustpilot,fast polite useful response
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Overall happy!,"I had to write a review after seeing all the terrible ones on here! I had ordered from Missguided before and ordered this time without looking at reviews or knowing that they had been taken over by shein. The order took about about 10 days to arrive. I bought dress options for a wedding. The quality was good for the price I paid. I needed to return 3 out of the 4 dresses. This is when I realised that it was no longer as straightforward to return. Having then seen all these reviews my heart sank and pretty much thought I could kiss goodbye to the £80. You have to register a return first by contacting customer services. My first email was unanswered but they came back quickly to my second email. They ask what you want to return and then give you an address to send it to. You have to pay to return the items, for 3 fairly heavy dresses it was £4.75 via Royal Mail tracked. You then have to email them with the tracking number. They responded to these emails within 24 hours and a refund was processed very quickly (within a couple of days). So overall I have to say even though it’s a bit more of a faff, I am happy with everything.  Maybe I was one of the lucky ones but I thought it was only fair I share my positive experience!",4,2025-09-17 10:17:08+00:00,Trustpilot,write review seeing terrible one ordered missguided ordered time without looking review knowing taken shein order took day arrive bought dress option wedding quality good price paid needed return dress realised longer straightforward return seen review heart sank pretty much thought could kiss goodbye register return first contacting customer service first email unanswered came back quickly second email ask want return give address send pay return item fairly heavy dress via royal mail tracked email tracking number responded email within hour refund processed quickly within couple day overall say even though bit faff happy everything maybe one lucky one thought fair share positive experience
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Waste of time and money!!,Waste of time and money!!! Returned an item over 2 weeks ago and still no refund. They keep telling me to wait 10-14 days,1,2025-09-15 19:41:27+00:00,Trustpilot,waste time money returned item week ago still refund keep telling wait day
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Avoid!!,"Ordered some trousers, quality is poor given the cost, feels similar to SHEIN quality at inflated costs. Took an age to arrive, I queried customer services and my order number didn’t exist in their system. When I tried to generate a return, same problem. System didn’t recognise my order, after contacting them again after being initially ignored, returns are at my own cost. I wouldn’t go back. Avoid like the plague!",1,2025-09-15 00:31:33+00:00,Trustpilot,ordered trouser quality poor given cost feel similar shein quality inflated cost took age arrive queried customer service order number didnt exist system tried generate return problem system didnt recognise order contacting initially ignored return cost wouldnt go back avoid like plague
Missguided,Fast Fashion,DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY,"DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY. I purchased a dressing gown from Missguided which arrived defective. When I contacted customer service, they refused to provide a refund despite the item being faulty. This is completely unacceptable and not in line with consumer rights. I would strongly advise others not to shop with Missguided, as they do not take responsibility for selling defective products and fail to resolve genuine customer complaints.",1,2025-09-14 09:02:41+00:00,Trustpilot,use company purchased dressing gown missguided arrived defective contacted customer service refused provide refund despite item faulty completely unacceptable line consumer right would strongly advise others shop missguided take responsibility selling defective product fail resolve genuine customer complaint
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Dont believe every review you read!,"To be honest, I'm one of those who rarely leave a review if its good - but this time I will. I made an order of some outfits for my holiday because I kept seeing adverts on Facebook and loved the look of some of the items but was wary now its on Shein regarding sizing etc. After ordering I read the reviews on here which made me worry that my items would be crap sizing and material, which made me panic buy on other websites. My items came and can honestly say the sizing and material are totally fine. Infact I cant wait to get on holiday now and wear them! Dont believe everything you read, sometimes people only review if its bad! I shall be ordering again in the future :-)",5,2025-09-13 17:30:44+00:00,Trustpilot,honest im one rarely leave review good time made order outfit holiday kept seeing advert facebook loved look item wary shein regarding sizing etc ordering read review made worry item would crap sizing material made panic buy website item came honestly say sizing material totally fine infact cant wait get holiday wear dont believe everything read sometimes people review bad shall ordering future
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Absolute sh*t company,Absolute sh*t company. Returned an order in July with proof of postage and they have still not issued a refund!! Do NOT waste your time or money with this company they are a shambles.,1,2025-09-12 09:16:56+00:00,Trustpilot,absolute sht company returned order july proof postage still issued refund waste time money company shamble
Missguided,Fast Fashion,The quality is shit,"The quality is shit, and customers service is awful. They tried to scam your money. I had to wait for over a month to get my refund back, they did not wanted to refund you until I keep sending them emails and spam it. I had to fight for it and Finally I get my refund after a month. DO NOT ORDER FROM THEM. THIS COMPANY IS SHIT. SCAM..!!!",1,2025-09-11 21:17:57+00:00,Trustpilot,quality shit customer service awful tried scam money wait month get refund back wanted refund keep sending email spam fight finally get refund month order company shit scam
Missguided,Fast Fashion,absolutely shocking after care,absolutely shocking after care.  Taken money from my paypal and no evidence of my order on my account.  Tried to contact via contact us and wont let me as i the order number not on my account.  Sent messages and no response.  I have been chasing my money that you Miss guided has taken.,1,2025-09-11 11:23:00+00:00,Trustpilot,absolutely shocking care taken money paypal evidence order account tried contact via contact u wont let order number account sent message response chasing money miss guided taken
Missguided,Fast Fashion,This feels like a scam,"This feels like a scam. Made the mistake of ordering because I saw an ad on Instagram and the clothes looked nice. They took nearly 4 weeks to arrive from China and they were cheap and nasty. Paid to send them back, missguided don't provide any return label, you have to email them to get a return address and it gets sent back to some rogue address. After emailing them for a month and being ignored, I was advised they hadn't received the return (convenient) and I've had to pay full price for the cheap order that I don't have. Don't fall for it.",1,2025-09-10 23:08:20+00:00,Trustpilot,feel like scam made mistake ordering saw ad instagram clothes looked nice took nearly week arrive china cheap nasty paid send back missguided dont provide return label email get return address get sent back rogue address emailing month ignored advised hadnt received return convenient ive pay full price cheap order dont dont fall
Missguided,Fast Fashion,BEWARE THE COMPANY WAS SOLD BY MIKE…,"BEWARE THE COMPANY WAS SOLD BY MIKE ASHLEY TO CHINESE COMPANY SHEIN. THE PRODUCTS ARE DISPATCHED FROM CHINA. THE SIZES ARE SMALL (NOT TRUE TO FIT) AND AS FOR RETURNS. GOOD LUCK! YOU HAVE TO RAISE A TICKET. WHEN THEY FINALLY GET BACK TO YOU, YOU HAVE TO SEND THE PARCEL TO SOME RANDOM UK ADDRESS AND PAY FOR THE RETURN YOURSELF. THEN YOU MUST SEND PROOF OF POSTAGE AND CHASE FOR REFUND AFTERWARDS. IF THATS NOT BAD ENOUGH, THEY WILL ALSO DEDUCT THE POSTAGE CHARGE FROM REFUND FOR SENDING THE PARCEL IN THE FIRST INSTANCE. THE PURCHASE OF THIS COMPANY IS CLEARY AN AQUISTION TO REMOVE COMEPTION FROM UK MARKET. SUCH A SHAME AS THIS USED TO BE SUCH A GOOD COMPANY. AVOID AT ALL COSTS!!",1,2025-09-10 10:16:33+00:00,Trustpilot,beware company sold mike ashley chinese company shein product dispatched china size small true fit return good luck raise ticket finally get back send parcel random uk address pay return must send proof postage chase refund afterwards thats bad enough also deduct postage charge refund sending parcel first instance purchase company cleary aquistion remove comeption uk market shame used good company avoid cost
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Absolutely dreadful,"Absolutely dreadful, this clothing is to expensive for the quality, and trying to return for a refund is a nightmare, I was good before the takeover",1,2025-09-09 16:33:53+00:00,Trustpilot,absolutely dreadful clothing expensive quality trying return refund nightmare good takeover
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Awful. Will not use again.,"I placed an order after seeing adds online and social media and was used to know missguided as its own brand, similarly to brands like InTheStyle and PLT. I did not realise that Shein had taken over missguided, which wouldn’t usually worry me until I’ve received my parcel today. I’ve never had an issue when placing an order with Shein or accessing customer service, however I’m unsure how to get through to anyone with missguided. I placed an order consisting of 21 items however only 11 items arrived. They arrived today via evri. The package arrived and appeared to be fine and sealed. The bag was black. I then opened the bag to find another bag inside, with Shein written over it and some of the contents of my parcel inside. I then opened the package and realised the contents was a lot less than expected. I looked on the label which said approx 6.8 kg weight. I then weighed the parcel it was 3kg total meaning nearly 4.8 kg is missing. I am not happy about this. I have contacted missguided and yet to hear anything. I am unable to get through to anyone at evri. I would not recommend at all and I’m now worried where the rest of the contents of my parcel is.",1,2025-09-08 20:36:42+00:00,Trustpilot,placed order seeing add online social medium used know missguided brand similarly brand like inthestyle plt realise shein taken missguided wouldnt usually worry ive received parcel today ive never issue placing order shein accessing customer service however im unsure get anyone missguided placed order consisting item however item arrived arrived today via evri package arrived appeared fine sealed bag black opened bag find another bag inside shein written content parcel inside opened package realised content lot less expected looked label said approx kg weight weighed parcel kg total meaning nearly kg missing happy contacted missguided yet hear anything unable get anyone evri would recommend im worried rest content parcel
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Avoid at all costs,"Avoid at all costs! Didn’t realise they had been taken over by Shein or wouldn’t have ordered. Came around 3 weeks after order in a shein bag. Poor quality so returned the other. Absolute farce to return. There isn’t a website facility for this so you have to email, wait for a reply (mine took a week) then return at your own cost through Royal Mail. No refund after a month so I emailed and was asked to provide proof of return. I had misplaced this but refund eventually processed after a lot of back and forth and a screenshot of my Royal Mail transaction through my bank. Joke of a company. AVOID!!",1,2025-09-06 21:35:18+00:00,Trustpilot,avoid cost didnt realise taken shein wouldnt ordered came around week order shein bag poor quality returned absolute farce return isnt website facility email wait reply mine took week return cost royal mail refund month emailed asked provide proof return misplaced refund eventually processed lot back forth screenshot royal mail transaction bank joke company avoid
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Awful please AVOID…I thought it was the…,Awful please AVOID…I thought it was the missguided I had previously ordered from. Didn’t know it had been taken over by Shein but after taking ages to arrive I now can’t return items. There is no option to return items on the website and customer services have now started replying by saying they are experiencing large volumes of emails and will reply after 72hours. They basically haven’t sent a return label and from the reviews even if returned I probably wouldn’t get a refund. Wish I read the reviews before ordering. Terrible company. Ps the clothes were cheap and horrible also!,1,2025-09-06 20:38:12+00:00,Trustpilot,awful please avoidi thought missguided previously ordered didnt know taken shein taking age arrive cant return item option return item website customer service started replying saying experiencing large volume email reply hour basically havent sent return label review even returned probably wouldnt get refund wish read review ordering terrible company p clothes cheap horrible also
Missguided,Fast Fashion,I would give 0 stars if possible,I would give 0 stars if possible. Avoid ordering from misguided - SCAM - you will not receive your money back even when you have paid for the return label and returned the items as expected.,1,2025-09-06 18:18:15+00:00,Trustpilot,would give star possible avoid ordering misguided scam receive money back even paid return label returned item expected
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Wont refund the three poor quality…,"Wont refund the three poor quality items I returned, just keep emailing back with how busy they are and for me to try again in a few days. This company is now owned by sheIn and is awful",1,2025-09-06 13:33:52+00:00,Trustpilot,wont refund three poor quality item returned keep emailing back busy try day company owned shein awful
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Speedy Response on ZEBRA PRINT!!,"I was hoping the response would be SURE we can grab a pair of those pink ZEBRA PRINT dungarees from 8 years ago and sell them to you. The person did give me some hope, though. She said, ""you never know^.!",5,2025-09-05 20:09:30+00:00,Trustpilot,hoping response would sure grab pair pink zebra print dungaree year ago sell person give hope though said never know
Missguided,Fast Fashion,AVOID DO NOT ORDER,AVOID DO NOT ORDER Ordered £70 worth of clothes. Returned them at my own expense as they were terrible quality and fits. 20 days after the return was signed for by them I’ve still not had a refund and they just keep fobbing me off.,1,2025-09-05 10:16:04+00:00,Trustpilot,avoid order ordered worth clothes returned expense terrible quality fit day return signed ive still refund keep fobbing
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Great Brand,Great Brand. Stylish and really well made clothes and superb customer service.,5,2025-09-04 10:25:38+00:00,Trustpilot,great brand stylish really well made clothes superb customer service
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Excellent customer service,"Excellent customer service. Love this brand, clothes and ethics.",5,2025-09-04 09:18:25+00:00,Trustpilot,excellent customer service love brand clothes ethic
Missguided,Fast Fashion,They literally took both my money and…,"They literally took both my money and my clothes. Mid summer, I bought a bundle of clothes. After deciding which ones I wanted to keep and which I wanted to return, I found out that the returns process was unnecessarily complicated. I had to chase them for five days just to get a return label. Once I finally sent the parcel back - confirmed with full tracking details - they stopped responding completely. It’s now been 53 days without a refund and over a month since they last replied to any of my emails. I’m out more than £200, with no clothes to show for it since I returned them. This is nothing short of a SCAM and an absolute DISGRACE.",1,2025-09-03 17:57:05+00:00,Trustpilot,literally took money clothes mid summer bought bundle clothes deciding one wanted keep wanted return found return process unnecessarily complicated chase five day get return label finally sent parcel back confirmed full tracking detail stopped responding completely day without refund month since last replied email im clothes show since returned nothing short scam absolute disgrace
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Don’t waste your time,"Don’t waste your time, it’s not the old Missguided, it’s now Shein and the quality certainly reflects that. Returns aren’t free and cost me 7 quid to send back two tops. A joke.",2,2025-09-02 11:22:57+00:00,Trustpilot,dont waste time old missguided shein quality certainly reflects return arent free cost quid send back two top joke
Missguided,Fast Fashion,BUYER BEWARE !,"Cheap looking,  bad quality clothing. No possibility of a return / refund. Company now run by scammers.",1,2025-09-02 04:52:07+00:00,Trustpilot,cheap looking bad quality clothing possibility return refund company run scammer
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,"Support Service, Size recommendations","The support service of the Company were extremely kind and helpful! I wanted to change my size last minute because I picked the wrong one and they did that no problem:) Even after I had an additional question they remained very patient! The size change actually worked and today I’ve finally received my dungarees🥰 they are really beautiful and good quality, if you are a bit unsure about the sizes I would recommend the bigger one tho🫶🏻",5,2025-09-01 18:31:34+00:00,Trustpilot,support service company extremely kind helpful wanted change size last minute picked wrong one problem even additional question remained patient size change actually worked today ive finally received dungaree really beautiful good quality bit unsure size would recommend bigger one tho
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Stress and hassle.,"The order took ages to arrive.  I sent back all the items (either weird or bad material) within 2 days.  I then had to chase for about 1 month to get the refund, prove that I had returned it and waited another 2 weeks for the money. Basically spent $101 dollars, was out of pocket for around 2 months, got stressed, did some hard work, got my refund.  Would NEVER use again and strongly recommend no one else uses them either.  Go directly to Shein, much better service.",1,2025-09-01 11:44:07+00:00,Trustpilot,order took age arrive sent back item either weird bad material within day chase month get refund prove returned waited another week money basically spent dollar pocket around month got stressed hard work got refund would never use strongly recommend one else us either go directly shein much better service
Primark,Fast Fashion,Very bad experience.first of all they…,Very bad experience.first of all they sell their products without price tag and when u go to return them for xyz reason they refuse to return the item as their was no tag in that.if it’s their policy not to return without tag then why they sell products without price tags.So be aware when buying products.,1,2025-08-31 14:27:33+00:00,Trustpilot,bad experiencefirst sell product without price tag u go return xyz reason refuse return item tag thatif policy return without tag sell product without price tagsso aware buying product
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Just lovely!,Cassie was incredibly helpful and didn’t make any of my questions sound silly or unimportant! Thank you :),5,2025-08-30 15:58:04+00:00,Trustpilot,cassie incredibly helpful didnt make question sound silly unimportant thank
Missguided,Fast Fashion,The absolute worst customer service…,The absolute worst customer service ever! If you buy from them you have to pay for the return if the items don’t fit which costs a fortune. Then communication is a nightmare. The way they process orders and returns is terrible. Takes forever to resolve the situation correctly. Just backwards and not worth the effort.,1,2025-08-30 13:18:03+00:00,Trustpilot,absolute worst customer service ever buy pay return item dont fit cost fortune communication nightmare way process order return terrible take forever resolve situation correctly backwards worth effort
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Disgraceful!,Disgraceful!! Please don’t purchase from this site! I ordered an item which arrived… unfortunately didn’t like it. Trying to return an item 4 weeks later 2 emails sent & no one helps. Customer service is actually appalling. I will NOT order off this site ever again.,1,2025-08-29 23:21:06+00:00,Trustpilot,disgraceful please dont purchase site ordered item arrived unfortunately didnt like trying return item week later email sent one help customer service actually appalling order site ever
Missguided,Fast Fashion,DO NOT USE THIS WEBSITE,DO NOT ORDER FROM HERE. The product is so cheap and for me unwearable. I was also unaware it comes from china and takes a considerable amount of time. The return process is ridiculous you basically have to pay yourself and send a tracking number I had no idea of this and would never have expect that at all. Complete waste of time and money it’s probably going to cost me more to send back than what I paid. I can also now read that even when people send back they haven’t been refunding. Please don’t waste your time.,1,2025-08-29 14:47:48+00:00,Trustpilot,order product cheap unwearable also unaware come china take considerable amount time return process ridiculous basically pay send tracking number idea would never expect complete waste time money probably going cost send back paid also read even people send back havent refunding please dont waste time
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Always solid customer support,I have been a customer for 5 years and my experiences so far have always been great.,5,2025-08-29 11:50:28+00:00,Trustpilot,customer year experience far always great
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Avoid at all costs. Not worth the hassle.,"If I could give the new Missguided less than one star I would. The quality of the clothes is awful, sizes are also not true. I have been fighting for a refund for almost two months. I returned two parcels both at the same time with proof of delivery. One I have had a refund for however the more costly parcel I am still waiting and arguing for. AVOID this website at all costs it is not worth the hassle.",1,2025-08-27 13:16:06+00:00,Trustpilot,could give new missguided less one star would quality clothes awful size also true fighting refund almost two month returned two parcel time proof delivery one refund however costly parcel still waiting arguing avoid website cost worth hassle
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,10/10 customer service,The stitching came away at the seam after I had already removed the labels from my skirt. I contacted customer service as the item was no longer in stock to exchange and they gave me a voucher for the full amount of the skirt (I bought mine in the sale) so I could order a full price replacement. Such amazing customer service and responsed really quickly to my email. 10/10 customer service.,5,2025-08-27 13:10:04+00:00,Trustpilot,stitching came away seam already removed label skirt contacted customer service item longer stock exchange gave voucher full amount skirt bought mine sale could order full price replacement amazing customer service responsed really quickly email customer service
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Returned an order by post paid for it…,Returned an order by post paid for it to tracked and signed for… As it took them so long to make a refund. I lost my invoice. Apparently they did this to a friend also. Not a good site at all. Never order from them… Returns site is useless!!,1,2025-08-26 23:27:30+00:00,Trustpilot,returned order post paid tracked signed took long make refund lost invoice apparently friend also good site never order return site useless
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,"L&Y - Friendly, ethical, and always provide excellent customer service","Always second-to-none customer service, helpful, courteous and environmentally conscious! I love this company and everything I've bought from L&Y (approximately half of my wardrobe!) On the rare occasion I've received something imperfect, it's been resolved without issue, the company encourages ethical consumption, keeping products in circulation or returning them as part of the Re-Yak scheme. I've been a fan for many years.",5,2025-08-26 12:56:50+00:00,Trustpilot,always secondtonone customer service helpful courteous environmentally conscious love company everything ive bought ly approximately half wardrobe rare occasion ive received something imperfect resolved without issue company encourages ethical consumption keeping product circulation returning part reyak scheme ive fan many year
Missguided,Fast Fashion,If I should compare the first company…,"If I should compare the first company misguided I miss them so much.  The new owners seems to be unreliable. Reviews are one star. If I had read the reviews before, I would not have made my order. It's taking more than a week for shipping. The original misguided was classy and reliable. Won't be shopping here again. I am missing the original misguided so much was once my favorite shopping online store.",1,2025-08-25 11:09:17+00:00,Trustpilot,compare first company misguided miss much new owner seems unreliable review one star read review would made order taking week shipping original misguided classy reliable wont shopping missing original misguided much favorite shopping online store
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Great customer service,"Ordered a number of items and didn’t notice until I’d already removed the tag on one of them that some of the stitching had come loose. I saw on their website that returns had to be including tags, so I got in touch with customer service to see if I’d still be able to get a replacement. Got a reply from Ella who offered me several different options including getting a replacement sent out, which she did so speedily. Really appreciate the help and such a quick resolution!",5,2025-08-23 22:29:11+00:00,Trustpilot,ordered number item didnt notice id already removed tag one stitching come loose saw website return including tag got touch customer service see id still able get replacement got reply ella offered several different option including getting replacement sent speedily really appreciate help quick resolution
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Cheaply made crap!,"As others have stated, absolutely do not order from this version of Missguided. They are nothing like the previous brand. The quality is horrendous, cheaply made crap! Avoid, avoid, avoid! These items are not priced to reflect the quality you receive.",1,2025-08-23 18:54:59+00:00,Trustpilot,others stated absolutely order version missguided nothing like previous brand quality horrendous cheaply made crap avoid avoid avoid item priced reflect quality receive
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Absolute joke of a company,Absolute joke of a company. Scam. Don’t order. I ordered a dress that’s too big and doesn’t suit me. I have sent repeated emails and tried to contact them on social media to get a return sorted and I’ve been completely ignored. Absolute scam. Don’t bother. They should be reported to the Trade Descriptions Act.,1,2025-08-23 11:40:06+00:00,Trustpilot,absolute joke company scam dont order ordered dress thats big doesnt suit sent repeated email tried contact social medium get return sorted ive completely ignored absolute scam dont bother reported trade description act
Missguided,Fast Fashion,If I could give no stars I would,"If I could give no stars I would. The customer service or lack off that I have received is shocking. I am still waiting on my refund, it has been over a month. I have escalated it to Resolver. I will be contacting trading standards at my local Council. It is illegal what they are doing. Do not shop with this brand anymore since they have been bought out everything has gone down the pan!",1,2025-08-23 11:37:04+00:00,Trustpilot,could give star would customer service lack received shocking still waiting refund month escalated resolver contacting trading standard local council illegal shop brand anymore since bought everything gone pan
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Nearly impossible to return items,"Nearly impossible to return items. There is no direct way to do it on the app. You must contact customer service who take unbelievably long to respond. All items on their website can be found for cheaper on SHEIN. I’m not sure what happened to this brand, but it is pretty much over for them. Items take around a week to be delivered as they are coming straight from China.",1,2025-08-22 10:16:06+00:00,Trustpilot,nearly impossible return item direct way app must contact customer service take unbelievably long respond item website found cheaper shein im sure happened brand pretty much item take around week delivered coming straight china
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Not fit for purpose,I ordered 2 dresses and when arrived they were see through and not fit for purpose! I requested a refund and Misguided advised I had to pay for shipping. I paid £4.05 postal tracking to then be debited £2.99 from Misguided for shipping. I have requested the shipping fee to be returned as I have been charged twice!!! I will NOT use this company again. Extremely bad experience and very costly,1,2025-08-21 15:31:29+00:00,Trustpilot,ordered dress arrived see fit purpose requested refund misguided advised pay shipping paid postal tracking debited misguided shipping requested shipping fee returned charged twice use company extremely bad experience costly
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Full blown Fraud,"I ordered clothing items from Missguided, but they were sent in Shein bags, and the items do not match the descriptions provided. Additionally, there have been intentional delays in processing my eligible returns, which contradicts UK consumer laws. This situation has caused me significant distress, as their terms state a 30-day returns policy that they are not honoring. Furthermore, receiving items from Shein instead of Missguided constitutes false advertising, and the products are not as described. This place is completely fraudulent. DO NOT order from them! I’m £100 out of pocket for low-quality Shein clothes, and there is no way to return the items. Citizens Advice informed me that they are operating from outside the UK, so I’m not protected by UK consumer law. Missguided is exploiting this loophole to avoid accepting returns!",1,2025-08-20 18:16:32+00:00,Trustpilot,ordered clothing item missguided sent shein bag item match description provided additionally intentional delay processing eligible return contradicts uk consumer law situation caused significant distress term state day return policy honoring furthermore receiving item shein instead missguided constitutes false advertising product described place completely fraudulent order im pocket lowquality shein clothes way return item citizen advice informed operating outside uk im protected uk consumer law missguided exploiting loophole avoid accepting return
Missguided,Fast Fashion,My parcel took 2 weeks to come,"My parcel took 2 weeks to come, I am trying to return the item and no return label is issued. I’ve emailed their customer service and completed the contact form on their website 5 times now with no reply! How am I meant to get a refund?! I am now stuck with a dress that does not fit and no way of returning it.",1,2025-08-20 00:53:58+00:00,Trustpilot,parcel took week come trying return item return label issued ive emailed customer service completed contact form website time reply meant get refund stuck dress fit way returning
Primark,Fast Fashion,I did some shopping in primark today…,I did some shopping in primark today bought a couple of hoods for winter they were supposed to be on sale one was correctly priced the other which should have been I was charged full price for unfortunatly I did not check the receipt till I got home as the item was bought on a day out it would cost more to go back and complain as this is not the first time I urge everyone check your receipts.,1,2025-08-19 18:37:56+00:00,Trustpilot,shopping primark today bought couple hood winter supposed sale one correctly priced charged full price unfortunatly check receipt till got home item bought day would cost go back complain first time urge everyone check receipt
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Would give zero stars if I could,Would give zero stars if I could. Customer service it absolutely horrific. Do not order from there unless you want to loose your money. Trading Standards need to close them down,1,2025-08-19 09:54:34+00:00,Trustpilot,would give zero star could customer service absolutely horrific order unless want loose money trading standard need close
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Do not ever order from here!!,Do not ever order from here!!! Absolute scam. The customer services are a joke - despite sending parcel back via royal mail (proof of purchase etc) still haven’t received an email response or refund in over a month. They’re a TERRIBLE company to order from - AVOID AT ALL COSTS!!!!!!,1,2025-08-17 21:16:01+00:00,Trustpilot,ever order absolute scam customer service joke despite sending parcel back via royal mail proof purchase etc still havent received email response refund month theyre terrible company order avoid cost
Missguided,Fast Fashion,wish i had read the reviews before…,"wish i had read the reviews before ordering took ages to come it comes in shein packaging fit awful, you have to pay to return yourself and judging by the other reviews lets see if i get a refund thank goodness I bought off my credit card so all else fails I will get them to sort. DO NOT BUY FROM THEM . At least with shein they make it easy to be able to return things",1,2025-08-17 17:25:24+00:00,Trustpilot,wish read review ordering took age come come shein packaging fit awful pay return judging review let see get refund thank goodness bought credit card else fails get sort buy least shein make easy able return thing
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Disgraceful customer service,"Ordered item which took ages to arrive and unfortunately it was not suitable.  Contacted them via email for return label and after 4 attempts I eventually received a return address.  Parcel was returned via Royal Mail with a tracking reference and I have had ongoing issues with them.  Their email advises to contact them if nothing heard within 72 hours which happened 3 times and now today I have been told that they do not recognize the tracking number, totally unacceptable.  Will never order from them again and would advise others to do the same.  I am very angry about this.",1,2025-08-16 10:25:11+00:00,Trustpilot,ordered item took age arrive unfortunately suitable contacted via email return label attempt eventually received return address parcel returned via royal mail tracking reference ongoing issue email advises contact nothing heard within hour happened time today told recognize tracking number totally unacceptable never order would advise others angry
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Waiting on the return label,I have now completed a return process 3 times and I am still waiting on thelabelno co tact from you at all,1,2025-08-15 22:01:56+00:00,Trustpilot,completed return process time still waiting thelabelno co tact
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Very bad customer service!!,"Very bad customer service!!!  Big problem with return order, not contacting, don’t give return address and return label!!!  Very cheap quality. Don’t order nothing from this poor company!!!",1,2025-08-15 19:49:05+00:00,Trustpilot,bad customer service big problem return order contacting dont give return address return label cheap quality dont order nothing poor company
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,I love the Lucy & Yak brand,I love the Lucy & Yak brand. My only gripe is that there are no shops in Ireland. 🥺I’m a loyal customer after first seeing a few celebs wearing the dungarees and then I was hooked. Customer service ( Hannah was who I dealt with) was quick to respond. I would love to see the brand do bedding ♥️ keep up the good work… and keep up the collaborative work. It’s great to see good causes getting some attention and support also. Perhaps a T-shirt collaboration to support the current conflicts in the world…. 🌍 ♥️ A worthwhile project,5,2025-08-15 16:03:34+00:00,Trustpilot,love lucy yak brand gripe shop ireland im loyal customer first seeing celebs wearing dungaree hooked customer service hannah dealt quick respond would love see brand bedding keep good work keep collaborative work great see good cause getting attention support also perhaps tshirt collaboration support current conflict world worthwhile project
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Not even worth one star,Not even worth one star. Absolute Joke I returned 2 items back in June and they owe me my refund. I have proof they have received my items back. I have sent 8 chase emails one response is sorry we are busy if not responded to in 48 hours to email again. and what a surprise no response. Customer service is totally disgusting and I'm am now out of pocket as I also had to pay to return the items. I would never use this awful company again or recommend anyone to do so.,1,2025-08-15 15:38:33+00:00,Trustpilot,even worth one star absolute joke returned item back june owe refund proof received item back sent chase email one response sorry busy responded hour email surprise response customer service totally disgusting im pocket also pay return item would never use awful company recommend anyone
Missguided,Fast Fashion,I wouldn't even give 1 star,"I wouldn't even give 1 star. Order took ages to arrive, I wanted to return due to not being suitable. Missguided kept in touch via email for returning but once I returned my order they stopped replying. That's been over a month I've been chasing them and nothing.",1,2025-08-15 10:03:24+00:00,Trustpilot,wouldnt even give star order took age arrive wanted return due suitable missguided kept touch via email returning returned order stopped replying thats month ive chasing nothing
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,The L&Y team got straight back to me,The L&Y team got straight back to me. They were so friendly and kind and offered very generous solutions to my issue. This experience has just furthered my love for the brand and everything they stand for. Thank you for the outstanding customer service and comfort and joy that I get from your clothes. ⭐️⭐️⭐️ ⭐️ ⭐️,5,2025-08-14 20:32:48+00:00,Trustpilot,ly team got straight back friendly kind offered generous solution issue experience furthered love brand everything stand thank outstanding customer service comfort joy get clothes
Missguided,Fast Fashion,DO NOT ORDER !!!!,"DO NOT ORDER !!!! My order came in shein packaging ?? I ordered from missguided I have requested a return on their ' contact us' on their website as this is the only way to do it, I have done this 4 times over 2 weeks have had no reply, you get an automated email saying they are busy but will reply in 72 hours, still NOTHING I have red reviews everywhere that even when you do return the items you do not get a refund I will NEVER order from ""missguided"" again I am down £££ for 3 dresses that I am stuck with and the quality is AWFUL",1,2025-08-14 15:54:40+00:00,Trustpilot,order order came shein packaging ordered missguided requested return contact u website way done time week reply get automated email saying busy reply hour still nothing red review everywhere even return item get refund never order missguided dress stuck quality awful
Primark,Fast Fashion,"Avoid, a matching 2 piece suit isn't reason enough, if one part becomes faulty to get a full refund","I purchased based a 2 piece matching suit from Primark Milton Keynes and the top half was faulty and out of stock so I was given a refund, the bottom half they refused to refund as they said that I could wear it with something else lol. Sadly this came from not 1 but 2 instore managers, so I contacted my bank to do a chargeback and It turns out that if a company refuses to accept a return then you can't get you're money back. The only way around it is to post the item back to the company at a cost of close to £4 as you need a tracking number, to then £5 as the shorts cost £9.",1,2025-08-13 12:12:53+00:00,Trustpilot,purchased based piece matching suit primark milton keynes top half faulty stock given refund bottom half refused refund said could wear something else lol sadly came instore manager contacted bank chargeback turn company refuse accept return cant get youre money back way around post item back company cost close need tracking number short cost
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Bad experience that I didn’t read…,Bad experience that I didn’t read reviews earlier I order dress size 12/14 not even fit me bad can’t return have to pay for return avoid this scammer misguided it’s from china take  2 weeks to deliver.,1,2025-08-12 08:51:14+00:00,Trustpilot,bad experience didnt read review earlier order dress size even fit bad cant return pay return avoid scammer misguided china take week deliver
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,mixed,The returns process felt deliberately fiddly but when I contacted customer services they were very helpful,4,2025-08-12 08:14:46+00:00,Trustpilot,return process felt deliberately fiddly contacted customer service helpful
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Good help you if you want to return…,God help you if you want to return everything . I've just had Ann e mail with return details on. It's the only way they will refund me. They have given me a30 refund to have the dress altered ... It was custom made. It's falls to floor it's that bull and far too long and not like picture at all. The 30 seems to be their standard I put a review on. They offered me 10 to take it off. The return has to be made to China. You have to pay all custom charges. It is then not guaranteed they will refund if it doesn't meet there standard which I feel it won't whatever you send. My advise would be don't touch them with a barge pole.,1,2025-08-11 21:20:40+00:00,Trustpilot,god help want return everything ive ann e mail return detail way refund given refund dress altered custom made fall floor bull far long like picture seems standard put review offered take return made china pay custom charge guaranteed refund doesnt meet standard feel wont whatever send advise would dont touch barge pole
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Still waiting almost a month for a refund!,Waiting almost a month for a refund on some returns with ZERO communication from this company.  DO NOT BUY FROM HERE THEIR CUSTOMER SERVICE IS NON-EXISTENT.  Having to now seek legal action,1,2025-08-11 08:47:38+00:00,Trustpilot,waiting almost month refund return zero communication company buy customer service nonexistent seek legal action
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Wouldn't even give one star,"Wouldn't even give one star Extremely disappointing and unprofessional. Quality of clothes are cheap and sizes are all over the place. Also difficulties with return, emailed them over and over and still no response with a return label. I will never order from them again!!!",1,2025-08-11 00:05:11+00:00,Trustpilot,wouldnt even give one star extremely disappointing unprofessional quality clothes cheap size place also difficulty return emailed still response return label never order
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Oh gosh I have been waiting ages for my…,Oh gosh I have been waiting ages for my order to say it is coming from China ! my orders from Shein Missguided have been good quality .  I am now panicking  as I expect poor quality and I go on holiday in a 13 days !! What a poor experience I am so disappointed .,1,2025-08-09 19:01:52+00:00,Trustpilot,oh gosh waiting age order say coming china order shein missguided good quality panicking expect poor quality go holiday day poor experience disappointed
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Poor customer service,Poor customer service. Despite stating they have return policy you have to message them to ask at least twice!! Then they send you an address to return to no label etc and then they want you to send tracking number all at your cost. Rubbish policy will not order again,1,2025-08-09 07:27:26+00:00,Trustpilot,poor customer service despite stating return policy message ask least twice send address return label etc want send tracking number cost rubbish policy order
Missguided,Fast Fashion,I am really struggling to get a return…,"I am really struggling to get a return code to send items back, they just email back saying too busy and to get back to them within 72 hours which I did and still nothing, how am I supposed to get a refund ? Will not be using them again, ridiculous",1,2025-08-08 17:36:26+00:00,Trustpilot,really struggling get return code send item back email back saying busy get back within hour still nothing supposed get refund using ridiculous
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,More than satisfactory!,More than satisfactory outcome with an issue I was having with some garments I bought. Thank you for resolving quickly.,5,2025-08-08 12:22:47+00:00,Trustpilot,satisfactory outcome issue garment bought thank resolving quickly
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Avoid this company at all costs,Avoid this company at all costs! Do not use their website to order. I bought clothes off here and they didn’t fit so wanted to return them. I have tried to contact their email numerous times and had no response back at all. I have contacted their instagram page too and had nothing back even though it says they are active. Blatantly just ignoring any communications to do with how to do the returns policy. I used Klarna for the payment so hoping they can do something about this. Anyone thinking of using this website please don’t it will save you a load of stress!,1,2025-08-07 21:38:57+00:00,Trustpilot,avoid company cost use website order bought clothes didnt fit wanted return tried contact email numerous time response back contacted instagram page nothing back even though say active blatantly ignoring communication return policy used klarna payment hoping something anyone thinking using website please dont save load stress
Missguided,Fast Fashion,"Shein in disguise, yet costs more","Parcel took ages to come, when it did it was in a shein packet, yet my shein parcels arrived so much quicker than this did. None fitted so emailed for a return which was never answered so sent again, which was never answered, and finally got an answer on the 3rd giving a returns address. Postage needs to be paid by myself yet shein do free returns. Don't buy from missguided website, just go direct to shein for it",1,2025-08-07 11:47:46+00:00,Trustpilot,parcel took age come shein packet yet shein parcel arrived much quicker none fitted emailed return never answered sent never answered finally got answer rd giving return address postage need paid yet shein free return dont buy missguided website go direct shein
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Shocking customer service.,"Shocking customer service. Difficult to contact anyone and the replies are unprofessional. Trying to rerun an order as the quality and sizing is awful, getting no help at all to do a return. How is this company still operating? It was terrible before the SHEIN takeover and terrible now. Do not order.",1,2025-08-07 11:16:03+00:00,Trustpilot,shocking customer service difficult contact anyone reply unprofessional trying rerun order quality sizing awful getting help return company still operating terrible shein takeover terrible order
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Not Missguided! Its Shein,"I ordered from what I believed to be Missguided,  only for the order to have come from Shein.. I tried to send a message to them through the Missguided website! And after received an automated reply saying they are extremely busy and will respond within 72hrs. That was a week ago and I've sent several more with the same response.  I want a returns form to send the order back. I have contacted Klarna as they is the payment method I used. They don't seem to have any contacts information on there sight either.  IT IS A NIGHTMARE",1,2025-08-06 18:15:44+00:00,Trustpilot,ordered believed missguided order come shein tried send message missguided website received automated reply saying extremely busy respond within hr week ago ive sent several response want return form send order back contacted klarna payment method used dont seem contact information sight either nightmare
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Return,Knowing that patterns and clothing sell out very quickly I bought a pair of dungarees in advance of my daughter's birthday . Unfortunately they were too big. I contacted Lucy and Yak customer service and explained the situation.They very kindly allowed the return even though it was past 30 days and will issue an in-store credit voucher . Much appreciated.,5,2025-08-06 13:17:03+00:00,Trustpilot,knowing pattern clothing sell quickly bought pair dungaree advance daughter birthday unfortunately big contacted lucy yak customer service explained situationthey kindly allowed return even though past day issue instore credit voucher much appreciated
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Steer clear of this company!,Steer clear of this company! I have been trying to return a poorly made dress for almost a week now. As soon as I opened the package I could see it was poor quality and immediately went about starting a return! To do so you need to get it authorised by Missguided by sending an email. Lo and behold nobody picks up the email and I can only assume this is so the buyer will give up eventually. Not me! I’ll go to my bank if I have to. I only wish I read these appalling reviews before parting with my money!,1,2025-08-05 17:37:52+00:00,Trustpilot,steer clear company trying return poorly made dress almost week soon opened package could see poor quality immediately went starting return need get authorised missguided sending email lo behold nobody pick email assume buyer give eventually ill go bank wish read appalling review parting money
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Terrible experience,"Terrible experience. Items ordered were not good quality. Had to chase several times via email to get a return request number.. no return documentation provided. Sent the items back 3 weeks ago with reference numbers and contact details and still no refund. I am now going back and forth on email, they clearly have no idea where my returned items are and so not expecting to see my money again which is £80. I am already down £10 from sending it back. Customer service is slow to respond and no one seems to be connected to what is happening. How are they allowed to trade like this?",1,2025-08-05 09:32:25+00:00,Trustpilot,terrible experience item ordered good quality chase several time via email get return request number return documentation provided sent item back week ago reference number contact detail still refund going back forth email clearly idea returned item expecting see money already sending back customer service slow respond one seems connected happening allowed trade like
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Returns,Brought a dress not knowing shein took over paid though PayPal  thinking I have no problem returning how  wrong was I sent dress back have receipt to prove it missguided refused my return saying the dress was suitable for me but it wasmt it was to small PayPal won't refund cos it not under there policy disgusting I have lost out,1,2025-08-04 14:09:58+00:00,Trustpilot,brought dress knowing shein took paid though paypal thinking problem returning wrong sent dress back receipt prove missguided refused return saying dress suitable wasmt small paypal wont refund co policy disgusting lost
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Dont order from here!,Do not order from this company! Absolute scammers. The quality is nothing like the website. I went to return my whole order as I was so disappointed with the fit and the quality but there is no return policy! There is no address you have to contact them. But you don't hear anything back. Its been 3 weeks and I still haven't heard anything.,1,2025-08-04 12:14:25+00:00,Trustpilot,order company absolute scammer quality nothing like website went return whole order disappointed fit quality return policy address contact dont hear anything back week still havent heard anything
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Misleading The items are not the same as shown in…,"The items are not the same as shown in the pictures, all from SHEIN and unable to send back for a refund . They ignore you. Bad service and bad quality total misleading the public Shen advertising under misguided name",1,2025-08-03 14:34:10+00:00,Trustpilot,item shown picture shein unable send back refund ignore bad service bad quality total misleading public shen advertising misguided name
Primark,Fast Fashion,Racists,"Racists, I’ve seen nothing but racism displayed from the managers of primark, they have no regard if a customer sees this and feels uncomfortable. They obviously love having control over people and it’s disgusting",1,2025-08-02 18:17:46+00:00,Trustpilot,racist ive seen nothing racism displayed manager primark regard customer see feel uncomfortable obviously love control people disgusting
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Been trying to return one item for…,Been trying to return one item for weeks and no response. Have sent multiple emails and nothing. Would never buy from here again!!!,1,2025-08-02 13:28:04+00:00,Trustpilot,trying return one item week response sent multiple email nothing would never buy
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Excellent and timely support on an…,Excellent and timely support on an issue I had with a pair of pants.,5,2025-08-01 17:42:57+00:00,Trustpilot,excellent timely support issue pair pant
Missguided,Fast Fashion,How do i even return an order?,"How do i even return an order?! At this point i don't even mind paying to return it, i just need details HOW to do it! Absolutely shocking!",1,2025-08-01 13:49:05+00:00,Trustpilot,even return order point dont even mind paying return need detail absolutely shocking
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Excellent quality,Excellent quality. Fantastic customer service support.,5,2025-08-01 09:23:13+00:00,Trustpilot,excellent quality fantastic customer service support
Missguided,Fast Fashion,I used to shop from here all the time.,I used to shop from here all the time.. I have a-few events coming up so order a lottt of bits. Most were such poor quality!! I’ve been trying to return for 3weeks now and getting nowhere. I’ve had to pay £8 to send back and that was over a week now and nothing… I’m never shopping from here again!,1,2025-07-31 16:24:30+00:00,Trustpilot,used shop time afew event coming order lottt bit poor quality ive trying return week getting nowhere ive pay send back week nothing im never shopping
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Excellent service and communication,Excellent service and communication. I needed to exchange an item and had a deadline to receive the exchange. The email service was fantastic and the new item sent out the same day.,5,2025-07-30 23:16:26+00:00,Trustpilot,excellent service communication needed exchange item deadline receive exchange email service fantastic new item sent day
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Wouldn’t recommend,I used to absolutely love Missguided placed an order recently when I received the parcel it was in a shein bag I didn’t realise shein has taken over misguided. I wouldn’t say there was anything wrong with the clothes but my problem is now they don’t respond back to my emails regarding a return. I am only returning because the clothes didn’t fit me but I am not getting anywhere with them now,1,2025-07-30 22:12:21+00:00,Trustpilot,used absolutely love missguided placed order recently received parcel shein bag didnt realise shein taken misguided wouldnt say anything wrong clothes problem dont respond back email regarding return returning clothes didnt fit getting anywhere
Missguided,Fast Fashion,ILLEGAL behaviour from this company,"Customer team are deliberately delaying a response to me in order to expire the return period for my order. Absolutely inexcusable and illegal behaviour. I will be escalating legally if I do not hear back within the next few days. According to the Consumer Contracts Regulations 2013 and the Consumer Rights Act 2015, customers have a 14-day ""cooling-off period"" starting from the day after goods are received. During which time, customers can cancel a purchase and get a full refund for any reason, including simply changing their mind. Customers must inform the seller within 14 days and then return the item within another 14 days. I have informed the seller (yourselves) and am now awaiting instructions to return my order. If I do not hear back I will be escalating this case legally.",1,2025-07-30 11:23:31+00:00,Trustpilot,customer team deliberately delaying response order expire return period order absolutely inexcusable illegal behaviour escalating legally hear back within next day according consumer contract regulation consumer right act customer day coolingoff period starting day good received time customer cancel purchase get full refund reason including simply changing mind customer must inform seller within day return item within another day informed seller awaiting instruction return order hear back escalating case legally
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Lucy and Yak is always always…,Lucy and Yak is always always incredible with customers,5,2025-07-27 19:14:02+00:00,Trustpilot,lucy yak always always incredible customer
Primark,Fast Fashion,What an absolute joke,What an absolute joke What an absolute joke. Click and collect order was wrong. 3 items missing. It took an absolute age trying to find out how to contact someone. Eventually got passed the “bot” to live chat. There is no phone number by the way. Live chat agent said wait 48 hrs and communicate only by email. Wow. I won’t ever use their click and collect service or stores anymore. Be very wary of Primark especially online. When it goes wrong it’s a nightmare mare to sort.,1,2025-07-25 21:38:18+00:00,Trustpilot,absolute joke absolute joke click collect order wrong item missing took absolute age trying find contact someone eventually got passed bot live chat phone number way live chat agent said wait hr communicate email wow wont ever use click collect service store anymore wary primark especially online go wrong nightmare mare sort
Primark,Fast Fashion,Today I returned some items back to…,"Today I returned some items back to Primark’s Northampton, only to be told that my Apple Pay number didn’t match the receipt, after telling them I only have one account my Apple Pay & my Apple Watch my physical card is all linked to that one account! She still told me that I used a different account and card 😤 I even showed her the transaction on my bank account. She’s still telling me that I didn’t use that account l! frustrated and not sure what was going on, I accepted what she was saying and took my items back home with me because the cashier was embarrassing me in front of other customers, I called my bank to find out what was going on and was told that I’d used my Account purchase the items from Primark, after telling my friend what happened to me today she also had the same experience. The cashier telling her that her card number didn’t match the receipt. Please, if anyone else has experienced this, can they tell me because I think it’s a scam from Primark so they don’t have to give you refunds?",1,2025-07-23 21:42:48+00:00,Trustpilot,today returned item back primarks northampton told apple pay number didnt match receipt telling one account apple pay apple watch physical card linked one account still told used different account card even showed transaction bank account shes still telling didnt use account l frustrated sure going accepted saying took item back home cashier embarrassing front customer called bank find going told id used account purchase item primark telling friend happened today also experience cashier telling card number didnt match receipt please anyone else experienced tell think scam primark dont give refund
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Love this shop,"Love this shop, And the help is first class well done 👏 I will definitely be back",5,2025-07-22 22:10:24+00:00,Trustpilot,love shop help first class well done definitely back
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Quick to help,Quick to help! Flexible and happy to help me with a bulk buy order of aprons for my wedding.,5,2025-07-22 16:26:35+00:00,Trustpilot,quick help flexible happy help bulk buy order apron wedding
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,ethical clothing,the funnest trousers ever ! My favourite brand for sustainable and ethically made clothing. return process super easy!,5,2025-07-20 23:34:06+00:00,Trustpilot,funnest trouser ever favourite brand sustainable ethically made clothing return process super easy
Primark,Fast Fashion,Your Primark store in Madrid Spain is a…,"Your Primark store in Madrid Spain is a racist place to be the security guards. There are horrible. I’ve spent so much money at Primark in the past at this point I will never step foot in another primark or speak highly of you as I have in the past I’m disappointed And completely done and will advise everyone in the public that I know that I come in contact with not to ever shop at the Primark in Madrid, Spain, on  (GRANDE VIA) the most racist, security guards in the world.. I will include that the staff who worked directly with the blue shirts on for Primark. Are and were extremely kind, however the security at Primark in Madrid, Spain on grande Via are prejudice, racist, and they profile people with darker skin….. this is sad me and hurt me because I was a big fan of your stores worldwide",1,2025-07-19 23:10:10+00:00,Trustpilot,primark store madrid spain racist place security guard horrible ive spent much money primark past point never step foot another primark speak highly past im disappointed completely done advise everyone public know come contact ever shop primark madrid spain grande via racist security guard world include staff worked directly blue shirt primark extremely kind however security primark madrid spain grande via prejudice racist profile people darker skin sad hurt big fan store worldwide
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Love Lucy and yak good quality lovely…,Love Lucy and yak good quality lovely colours bright colours just love the dungarees got lots now but need more for my collection Thankyou Lucy and yak 👍🌈,5,2025-07-17 18:48:10+00:00,Trustpilot,love lucy yak good quality lovely colour bright colour love dungaree got lot need collection thankyou lucy yak
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,The customer service is amazing,The customer service is amazing. I've heard the best things about their clothing and it's good to know there's a good team behind it as well.,5,2025-07-16 16:51:43+00:00,Trustpilot,customer service amazing ive heard best thing clothing good know there good team behind well
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,I have several pairs of Lucy & Yak…,I have several pairs of Lucy & Yak Alexa trousers which I live in as they are so comfortable. Have had returns processed with no issues and I found a fault in an item that they dealt with quickly and efficiently.,5,2025-07-07 12:37:46+00:00,Trustpilot,several pair lucy yak alexa trouser live comfortable return processed issue found fault item dealt quickly efficiently
Primark,Fast Fashion,We bought an item in Portugal a bag of…,"We bought an item in Portugal a bag of sorts wicker type . £18 looked nice , lasted all of 5 mins once back home. We took it back to a Primark in Stafford . But the shop staff said it could not exchange although they stocked the exact same one . Reason ; we bought it in another country . Well not knowing whether or not we had the right to return. I am just pointing it out to others who may use PRIMARK steer well clear of this retailer. Read other reviews shocking. There are a lot better stores out there I certainly will not use them ever again and I will make sure that everyone I come into contact with gets to know exactly what they are like . We have a receipt , and I will be checking our statutory rights , and maybe visit the store but speak to the manager this time .",1,2025-07-06 22:50:29+00:00,Trustpilot,bought item portugal bag sort wicker type looked nice lasted min back home took back primark stafford shop staff said could exchange although stocked exact one reason bought another country well knowing whether right return pointing others may use primark steer well clear retailer read review shocking lot better store certainly use ever make sure everyone come contact get know exactly like receipt checking statutory right maybe visit store speak manager time
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Love the shop,"Love the shop, love the clothes. I really live in everything I ever ordered. Delivery to outside of the UK is no problem either. Also I don’t think I was ever in contact with a better customer service. Whenever I had a question or problem they went the extra mile to make sure it was solved/answered.",5,2025-07-05 15:06:23+00:00,Trustpilot,love shop love clothes really live everything ever ordered delivery outside uk problem either also dont think ever contact better customer service whenever question problem went extra mile make sure solvedanswered
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Incredible experience,Incredible experience! Prompt & helpful! The clothes are incredible quality too,5,2025-07-02 23:04:44+00:00,Trustpilot,incredible experience prompt helpful clothes incredible quality
Primark,Fast Fashion,Great experience at primark,"Great experience at primark, helpful staff. Manager Nadia is very kind and helpful. Would like to go again for shopping at primark.",5,2025-07-02 21:02:36+00:00,Trustpilot,great experience primark helpful staff manager nadia kind helpful would like go shopping primark
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,"Faulty bag, but replaced very quickly.","Purchased the crossbody bag recently, 3 weeks into having it, it fell off me whilst walking and the link/stitching had broken and fallen off, so i was dissapointed that this had happened only having it 3 weeks and only used lightly a hand ful of times, however when i contacted customer service, they dealt with it really well and really quickly within 2 days i got a replacement and a free returns label to send the broken one back. Overall, very happy with my purchases, and can fault their customer service.",4,2025-06-25 16:01:15+00:00,Trustpilot,purchased crossbody bag recently week fell whilst walking linkstitching broken fallen dissapointed happened week used lightly hand ful time however contacted customer service dealt really well really quickly within day got replacement free return label send broken one back overall happy purchase fault customer service
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Brilliant customer service amazing…,Brilliant customer service amazing stuff thank you so much.,5,2025-06-23 12:27:47+00:00,Trustpilot,brilliant customer service amazing stuff thank much
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Excellent,Very helpful throughout. Speedy and easy returns. Prompt reimbursement,5,2025-06-19 14:44:49+00:00,Trustpilot,helpful throughout speedy easy return prompt reimbursement
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Great service!,"I had an issue with a pair of shorts I ordered, and got a response super fast. The whole process was really easy and I think it’s really great that they encourage you to make use of the damaged item so it doesn’t go to waste.",5,2025-06-18 14:14:43+00:00,Trustpilot,issue pair short ordered got response super fast whole process really easy think really great encourage make use damaged item doesnt go waste
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,awesome customer service,Responded to my email super quickly when I had a problem with my return. Turns out it was my mistake but they dealt with it super quickly and were lovely! Thank you so much :),5,2025-06-18 07:20:47+00:00,Trustpilot,responded email super quickly problem return turn mistake dealt super quickly lovely thank much
Primark,Fast Fashion,Outstanding customer service…,I went to a primark in Nottingham it was almost closing time so I went to the tills then I realised I wanted another pair of leggings so I spoke to the cashier that I needed another pair so he went off his till & got me 1 then I realised I needed a larger size so he got off his till & once again he helped me & asked what size to the next till & she told me what is was the 2 people who helped me there names are edior & Katy thankyou for your excellent customer service & thankyou for helping me you both,5,2025-06-08 21:16:28+00:00,Trustpilot,went primark nottingham almost closing time went till realised wanted another pair legging spoke cashier needed another pair went till got realised needed larger size got till helped asked size next till told people helped name edior katy thankyou excellent customer service thankyou helping
Primark,Fast Fashion,Fitting rooms are a state to behold,"Why was the Muslim girl on fitting rooms on first floor so miserable looking like she doesn't want to be there? Birmingham High Street store btw. Also, the state of your fitting rooms as well is ridiculous at the back. The white girl with brown hair who is usually pleasant was asked to move these rails to another room by her manager while she is busy serving on the desk - why can't Mr. Beard and bald Manager do it? It's not hard is it if he's not doing much. I hear he is leaving in July so probably for the best I hear from your staff.",1,2025-05-23 18:48:22+00:00,Trustpilot,muslim girl fitting room first floor miserable looking like doesnt want birmingham high street store btw also state fitting room well ridiculous back white girl brown hair usually pleasant asked move rail another room manager busy serving desk cant mr beard bald manager hard he much hear leaving july probably best hear staff
Primark,Fast Fashion,Huddersfield store if your going to…,Huddersfield store if your going to have self scans you need to have some form of trust in your customers for me to scan £97 worth of goods for then the screen to flash perform a random check for me to wait patiently for then the colleague to unpack  every single item out of my bags and check the screen to make sure all was scanned which it was for her then to just leave the goods unpacked for then I have to re pack it all absolutely shocking and humiliating to be made to feel this way in front of lots of other customers poor service poor system I’m a retail manager myself and I know how that experience would make them feel totally ruined my customer journey and experience to the point I was so close to just leaving it all and walking away I’m not 1 to normally complain in shops because I know how hard retail workers works but I was that annoyed and embarrassed I sought out a member of the management team to give my feedback,1,2025-05-21 11:42:59+00:00,Trustpilot,huddersfield store going self scan need form trust customer scan worth good screen flash perform random check wait patiently colleague unpack every single item bag check screen make sure scanned leave good unpacked pack absolutely shocking humiliating made feel way front lot customer poor service poor system im retail manager know experience would make feel totally ruined customer journey experience point close leaving walking away im normally complain shop know hard retail worker work annoyed embarrassed sought member management team give feedback
Primark,Fast Fashion,“Don’t Charge Us to Advertise for You!”,"I am outraged by Primark’s decision to start charging 15p for paper bags. This isn’t about sustainability; it’s an obvious money grab at the expense of customers. These bags are flimsy, tear easily, and have your branding plastered all over them—essentially, we’re being asked to pay for the privilege of being walking billboards for your company. This charge feels completely unjustified. Customers should never be forced to pay for something so low-quality and disposable. If you truly cared about sustainability, you would offer durable, reusable bags, not flimsy ones that break after a single use. Charging customers for these bags preys on our trust, and it’s clear that this is just another way to increase profits under the guise of “helping the environment.” What’s even worse is that this unfair practice is now becoming common across retailers. But I refuse to accept this as the new normal. As customers, we need to stand up and reject any company that tries to profit off us by charging for bags that have no real value. Primark should be ashamed of this decision, and I will no longer shop at a store that disrespects its customers this way. I strongly encourage everyone to stop supporting this exploitative practice. Don’t let Primark—or any other retailer—think they can get away with charging us for something that should be part of our shopping experience without an extra cost. Refuse to accept it. Speak up. Demand better.",1,2025-05-19 00:12:10+00:00,Trustpilot,outraged primarks decision start charging p paper bag isnt sustainability obvious money grab expense customer bag flimsy tear easily branding plastered themessentially asked pay privilege walking billboard company charge feel completely unjustified customer never forced pay something lowquality disposable truly cared sustainability would offer durable reusable bag flimsy one break single use charging customer bag prey trust clear another way increase profit guise helping environment whats even worse unfair practice becoming common across retailer refuse accept new normal customer need stand reject company try profit u charging bag real value primark ashamed decision longer shop store disrespect customer way strongly encourage everyone stop supporting exploitative practice dont let primarkor retailerthink get away charging u something part shopping experience without extra cost refuse accept speak demand better
Primark,Fast Fashion,Shame on you Primark for charging 15p…,"Shame on you Primark for charging 15p on paper bags, plastic is supposed to be ruining the environment & had the plastic levy, pure greed, gone are the traditional Primark days your NOT value on £ anymore your actually expensive now, you don’t think ppl are noticing but we actually are!",1,2025-05-18 16:37:46+00:00,Trustpilot,shame primark charging p paper bag plastic supposed ruining environment plastic levy pure greed gone traditional primark day value anymore actually expensive dont think ppl noticing actually
Primark,Fast Fashion,Visited the Stoke store,Visited the Stoke store. The queues were the full length of the barriers. Three people on the tills and very slow at serving. Member of staff tidying away coat hangers instead of serving customers. Couldn’t find a member of staff on the floor to help with reaching a garment I had to leave without it. Very frustrating.,1,2025-05-17 12:19:34+00:00,Trustpilot,visited stoke store queue full length barrier three people till slow serving member staff tidying away coat hanger instead serving customer couldnt find member staff floor help reaching garment leave without frustrating
Primark,Fast Fashion,Disappointing Checkout Experience at Primark Llanelli,"Visited the Llanelli Primark store recently to pick up some clothing. The shopping experience started off well—the range of clothes was reasonable, and the changing rooms were spacious and easy to access. However, things took a sharp downturn at the checkout. The entire checkout process was poorly designed and frustrating. The area appears to have been recently revamped, but not for the better. There was only one staff member handling sales and returns at a very small counter, and another stationed at a separate area where customers were funneled into a queue to use self-service checkouts. The self-checkouts themselves were confusing and inconsistent—some had handheld scanners, others did not. Trying to scan clothes, pay extra for a bag, and locate a printed receipt turned into a chaotic task. To make matters worse, as we attempted to exit, we were abruptly stopped and spoken to rudely by a staff member. Apparently, you’re required to scan your receipt in order to leave the area—something that was never made clear during the process. It left a sour taste after what had been a decent in-store experience. A little more signage, clearer instructions, and better staffing could make a world of difference. Until then, be prepared for a stressful finish to your shopping trip.",2,2025-04-22 14:35:20+00:00,Trustpilot,visited llanelli primark store recently pick clothing shopping experience started wellthe range clothes reasonable changing room spacious easy access however thing took sharp downturn checkout entire checkout process poorly designed frustrating area appears recently revamped better one staff member handling sale return small counter another stationed separate area customer funneled queue use selfservice checkout selfcheckouts confusing inconsistentsome handheld scanner others trying scan clothes pay extra bag locate printed receipt turned chaotic task make matter worse attempted exit abruptly stopped spoken rudely staff member apparently youre required scan receipt order leave areasomething never made clear process left sour taste decent instore experience little signage clearer instruction better staffing could make world difference prepared stressful finish shopping trip
Primark,Fast Fashion,I wanted to buy a black jeans but there…,I wanted to buy a black jeans but there was a no one to help me. When I rescheduled out to one employee he told he he doesn’t work in that senction and there will be another lady named Rachel who can help . When I asked if he can help me call her to the section he just said sorry and walked away . I was really unhappy with the result therefore I just took what I had in my hand and paid the money and walked off . This is for primark Stratford Westfield,1,2025-02-28 12:23:46+00:00,Trustpilot,wanted buy black jean one help rescheduled one employee told doesnt work senction another lady named rachel help asked help call section said sorry walked away really unhappy result therefore took hand paid money walked primark stratford westfield
Primark,Fast Fashion,I believe in honest reviews,"I believe in honest reviews.  I've shopped there on two occasions.  I bought a ""leather"" belt (actually plastic) which was reasonably prized, but the ""leather"" peeled off after I wore it a few times.  Then, I bought clothing that when I got home and tried it on... was much smaller than the size indicated on the package.  In short... fair prices... good selection... but you get what you pay for... not much quality. It's basically budget-shopping.",2,2025-02-06 20:15:16+00:00,Trustpilot,believe honest review ive shopped two occasion bought leather belt actually plastic reasonably prized leather peeled wore time bought clothing got home tried much smaller size indicated package short fair price good selection get pay much quality basically budgetshopping
Primark,Fast Fashion,Good products - terrible online experience,"Good products, jumpers, joggers, but a shockingly bad web site. You have to reload it multiple times before you can select an item - almost unusable - spent 5 mins trying to select one item!",2,2025-01-24 16:08:32+00:00,Trustpilot,good product jumper jogger shockingly bad web site reload multiple time select item almost unusable spent min trying select one item
Primark,Fast Fashion,I’m very disappointed with the quality…,"I’m very disappointed with the quality of the clothing.  I bought a jersey from primark Almeria and would you believe it, one pocket is sewn upside down.  As it’s a jersey, it’s difficult to unpick the pocket and turn it the right way.  Where is the quality control?  I travelled a long way to shop at this store.",2,2025-01-22 17:39:09+00:00,Trustpilot,im disappointed quality clothing bought jersey primark almeria would believe one pocket sewn upside jersey difficult unpick pocket turn right way quality control travelled long way shop store
Primark,Fast Fashion,Poor customer service,"Took back faulty pyjamas to the new glasgow fort store tonight. As they were a Christmas gift i didnt have a receipt but i only wanted to exchange them for another pair. I was informed by Mark the manager that no proof of purchase no exchange, i asked if this was right as the goods were faulty and he again replied no proof of purchase no exchange. In fact i felt as if i was being accused of stealing the pyjamas!! I was upset as the shop was very busy so i took the faulty pyjamas and walked out the store. When i came hone I googled primarks policy for returning faulty goods and it states that no receipt is needed??",1,2024-12-30 22:22:14+00:00,Trustpilot,took back faulty pyjama new glasgow fort store tonight christmas gift didnt receipt wanted exchange another pair informed mark manager proof purchase exchange asked right good faulty replied proof purchase exchange fact felt accused stealing pyjama upset shop busy took faulty pyjama walked store came hone googled primarks policy returning faulty good state receipt needed
Primark,Fast Fashion,Laura at MK1 Primark delivered…,"Laura at MK1 Primark delivered exceptional customer service. Her impressive attention to detail stood out as she not only helped me place an online order but also informed me about the convenient Click and Collect service, which is fantastic. Truly outstanding support",5,2024-12-13 08:14:53+00:00,Trustpilot,laura mk primark delivered exceptional customer service impressive attention detail stood helped place online order also informed convenient click collect service fantastic truly outstanding support
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Nothing for 12 days and my e-mail came…,"Nothing for 12 days and my e-mail came back. Very worried now, that I will never get the order and my money back. Asked my bank to refund now. They must be in trouble.",1,2024-12-12 02:29:28+00:00,Trustpilot,nothing day email came back worried never get order money back asked bank refund must trouble
Primark,Fast Fashion,Went to the Sunderland store,"Went to the Sunderland store, went to tills to pay for my 4 items. The sales Assistant asked me if I wanted a paper carrier bag which I excepted her offer, only to find it was a small bag and I said to her, you won't get all those into that bag. Her reply was oh I will. She proceeded to roll the items upwith the hangers still on the garments. I stopped her and said, get a bigger bag and fold the garments up, instead of rolling them up. Her reply was my manager said this is how I have to do it and she will be watching me and I will get wrong. She finally got a bigger bag, and proceeded to fold the items up, but with the hangers still attached to the garments. I explained it would be easier if she removed the hangers. She finally did remove them folded them up and placed them in the bag. I paid for the items and started to leave the till point, when Security came running upto the till point. She had called security onto me, for asking for my garments to be folded and bigger bag. Shocking service.",1,2024-12-07 10:56:56+00:00,Trustpilot,went sunderland store went till pay item sale assistant asked wanted paper carrier bag excepted offer find small bag said wont get bag reply oh proceeded roll item upwith hanger still garment stopped said get bigger bag fold garment instead rolling reply manager said watching get wrong finally got bigger bag proceeded fold item hanger still attached garment explained would easier removed hanger finally remove folded placed bag paid item started leave till point security came running upto till point called security onto asking garment folded bigger bag shocking service
Primark,Fast Fashion,Has to be the worst website in the world,"Has to be the worst website in the history of the world. So slow it practically crawls and when you try to register it won't let you, just says names cannot begin or end with whitespace spaces? Tried on desktop and phone. Complete rubbish!",1,2024-11-02 17:46:05+00:00,Trustpilot,worst website history world slow practically crawl try register wont let say name begin end whitespace space tried desktop phone complete rubbish
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,RETURN NEVER RECEIVED,"Similar to other's experiences, I had an order in August 2023 and returned 2 items which I never received payment into my account for. Seems like they have gone into liquidation but their NL based office is still running. I sent multiple emails and received a bounce back each time, I also tried via the website and still nothing.",1,2024-11-01 18:00:29+00:00,Trustpilot,similar others experience order august returned item never received payment account seems like gone liquidation nl based office still running sent multiple email received bounce back time also tried via website still nothing
Primark,Fast Fashion,Rubbish website,"Rubbish website, many items not available in all stores.             Little wonder the words tacky and primark go hand in hand.",1,2024-10-22 07:55:43+00:00,Trustpilot,rubbish website many item available store little wonder word tacky primark go hand hand
Primark,Fast Fashion,Absolutely love everything in primark,Absolutely love everything in primark It's my favourite shop,5,2024-08-24 22:58:06+00:00,Trustpilot,absolutely love everything primark favourite shop
Primark,Fast Fashion,Only Yesterday in Düsseldorf,"Only Yesterday in Düsseldorf, Germany your workers and Security threw Out a Young man and His Baby girly with a broken arm For sitting on the staircase Side waiting For His wife to Finish Shopping.We are living in a civilzed world where the customers should BE treated with Respect.lndeed a very shameful incident on the part of the workers and Security of Primark in Düsseldorf in Germany.For your information the Familie was from another state , Kassel, Germany.They CAME to receive this insult.Shame on the Management If they dont respond to this allegations",1,2024-07-14 00:10:17+00:00,Trustpilot,yesterday dsseldorf germany worker security threw young man baby girly broken arm sitting staircase side waiting wife finish shoppingwe living civilzed world customer treated respectlndeed shameful incident part worker security primark dsseldorf germanyfor information familie another state kassel germanythey came receive insultshame management dont respond allegation
Primark,Fast Fashion,Primary Hull - overcharged again,Primary Hull - 4th time overcharged for items in a row. Good job I’m checking the screen as they are going through. 3 weeks ago bought some jeans and got overcharged and came back 3 weeks later and was overcharged again for same pair. Clearly this is becoming standard practice.,1,2024-07-13 13:14:51+00:00,Trustpilot,primary hull th time overcharged item row good job im checking screen going week ago bought jean got overcharged came back week later overcharged pair clearly becoming standard practice
Primark,Fast Fashion,"Shocking service,2 shorts purchased on…","Shocking service,2 shorts purchased on Sunday ,receipt lost ,went to fort kinaird to buy a lot of items and wouldn't exchange,left shorts ,didn't buy anything,thanks for Ur help ben",1,2024-06-06 12:59:42+00:00,Trustpilot,shocking service short purchased sunday receipt lost went fort kinaird buy lot item wouldnt exchangeleft short didnt buy anythingthanks ur help ben
Primark,Fast Fashion,Stevenage Store - Bad Attitude,"Stevenage Store Place is a dump and 6 staff (teenagers) standing around talking.  I watched a pair of girls pass same item between them a number of times in an attempt to look busy.  They didn't move for 15 minutes.  Clothes all over the floor.  Elsewhere one customer asked a query about prices as the denim table had sale and non sale items mixed up and and was told ""look on the label"". I approached a member of staff wearing no uniform or badge but had headset on so I assumed she had some leadership role.  I asked her why the store was a mess and why she allowed staff to chat instead of help customers and was curtly told ""madam, let management do their job"".  Hmm, that's a professional response.  I stood in front of her while she actually rolled her eyes.  Her reply should have been ""thank you for bringing that to my attention, I will deal with it now"". It appears the weekend staff stand around and the weekday staff spend hours sorting their mess. Well done 👍🏼😐",1,2024-04-30 19:46:58+00:00,Trustpilot,stevenage store place dump staff teenager standing around talking watched pair girl pas item number time attempt look busy didnt move minute clothes floor elsewhere one customer asked query price denim table sale non sale item mixed told look label approached member staff wearing uniform badge headset assumed leadership role asked store mess allowed staff chat instead help customer curtly told madam let management job hmm thats professional response stood front actually rolled eye reply thank bringing attention deal appears weekend staff stand around weekday staff spend hour sorting mess well done
Primark,Fast Fashion,Primark Edit is fantastic!,Shopped in Middlesbrough store this week. The store was well organised and clean.  The 'Primark Edit' section had some fantastic items of a really high quality.  I'll definitely be calling in again.,5,2024-04-13 09:28:14+00:00,Trustpilot,shopped middlesbrough store week store well organised clean primark edit section fantastic item really high quality ill definitely calling
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,"Got my order of beautiful pants, but very late","The same happened to me as i can see happened to multiple people here. I placed an order, it's been three weeks and I've gotten nothing but the order confirmation. The money was taken from my account, but I haven't gotten my order. I've had great experience with people tree in the past, with high service and really great clothing, so I never thought this would be different. Update: I did get the pants, and they are amazing, but still very strange not to hear from the site, npt even when my product arrived.",3,2024-03-24 11:34:46+00:00,Trustpilot,happened see happened multiple people placed order three week ive gotten nothing order confirmation money taken account havent gotten order ive great experience people tree past high service really great clothing never thought would different update get pant amazing still strange hear site npt even product arrived
Primark,Fast Fashion,VERY NASTY BEHAVIOUR FILTERS DOWN FROM THE TOP,"Hello Trust Pilot; I have asked you to adjust your website to allow for ""0"" stars because of companies like this one, Primark After being told I could not have a refund or exchange in Milton Keynes, Midsummer Bouldevard store, I told the cashier I would pay for another item at a different till; it was to allow me to transfer some money to my account, not wanting to hold up another customer. The manager and cashier did not believe I was going to pay for the item downstairs and reported me to security. I was covertly withheld in the store by cashiers who thought I had stolen a £3.00 pillowcase! They interrogated me publicly wanting to know why a pillowcase was not with a quilt cover. I reported this to their complaints department who wanted to blame the security staff, however it was the cashiers not the security staff who would not let me go. Gaining insight into the complaints advisor wanting to shift the blame on to the private security company I withdrew the complaint and the complaints advisor responded that I should not contact them anymore.",1,2024-03-08 11:19:08+00:00,Trustpilot,hello trust pilot asked adjust website allow star company like one primark told could refund exchange milton keynes midsummer bouldevard store told cashier would pay another item different till allow transfer money account wanting hold another customer manager cashier believe going pay item downstairs reported security covertly withheld store cashier thought stolen pillowcase interrogated publicly wanting know pillowcase quilt cover reported complaint department wanted blame security staff however cashier security staff would let go gaining insight complaint advisor wanting shift blame private security company withdrew complaint complaint advisor responded contact anymore
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,DO NOT ORDER,"I've shopped with People Tree over the years and never had any problems... Until July 2023. I ordered 2 dresses but had to send them back because the fabric was really thin and they didn't fit properly. More Primark than People Tree quality. At the end of July, I noticed that the refund had not been processed and emailed People Tree. On July 31 I got a reply from the company Director, he said that their customer service specialist had had to leave the company at short notice and that “we are working through the backlog of outstanding issues as fast as we can to ensure that nothing gets missed whilst we recruit and train someone else.” Fast forward to September. A large letter landed on my doormat informing me that People Tree UK has collapsed into administration and listing me as one of the creditors. Unfortunately, I paid by debit card and never got my money back. The reason I’m posting this review is because I can see that their European website is still running and I saw two reviews from EU customers who ordered but never received anything. DO NOT ORDER!!! The European website hasn’t been updated for months. If you look at T&C’s, you’ll see that the website is operated by People Tree Ltd, a company registered in the UK under number 02949366, whereas orders are fulfilled by People Tree Enterprises BV, a company registered in The Netherlands under KVK 82275602. People Tree Ltd, registration number 02949366, is the company that entered administration last September. How can a company that is being liquidated operate a website and forward information about orders to the Dutch arm of People Tree? You can find Opus Restructuring Llp (their liquidator) details on Companies House should you wish to contact them. If you’re reading this and are EU based, please spread awareness so that unsuspecting customers wouldn’t be placing new orders on the Dutch website! On September 27, 2023 The Guardian wrote that “People Tree’s European website is continuing to operate, with a note promising that shipping to the UK will begin soon, but former insiders said the European operation’s only employee was being made redundant and it was not clear how trade would be able to continue as the buying and marketing had been run from the UK.”",1,2024-03-01 12:27:38+00:00,Trustpilot,ive shopped people tree year never problem july ordered dress send back fabric really thin didnt fit properly primark people tree quality end july noticed refund processed emailed people tree july got reply company director said customer service specialist leave company short notice working backlog outstanding issue fast ensure nothing get missed whilst recruit train someone else fast forward september large letter landed doormat informing people tree uk collapsed administration listing one creditor unfortunately paid debit card never got money back reason im posting review see european website still running saw two review eu customer ordered never received anything order european website hasnt updated month look tc youll see website operated people tree ltd company registered uk number whereas order fulfilled people tree enterprise bv company registered netherlands kvk people tree ltd registration number company entered administration last september company liquidated operate website forward information order dutch arm people tree find opus restructuring llp liquidator detail company house wish contact youre reading eu based please spread awareness unsuspecting customer wouldnt placing new order dutch website september guardian wrote people tree european website continuing operate note promising shipping uk begin soon former insider said european operation employee made redundant clear trade would able continue buying marketing run uk
Primark,Fast Fashion,Management at the primark store in…,Management at the primark store in Belfast hang your head in shame for your totally unacceptable behaviour towards a member of staff who was wearing a Christmas jumper with merry Christmas written  in irish.  Disgusting is an under statement. I for one will never ever step foot in a primark store again,1,2023-12-21 18:52:21+00:00,Trustpilot,management primark store belfast hang head shame totally unacceptable behaviour towards member staff wearing christmas jumper merry christmas written irish disgusting statement one never ever step foot primark store
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Do not order !!!,"I placed an order on Nov 13th. I received the confirmation email, and my bank account was debited. However, I never received my order. They don’t reply on instagram and both emails people and pr can’t be reached. I linked this brand and I have previous products so I never thought to look for reviews. I wish I did. I juste gave them 50,50€ for nothing, and that includes the delivery cost !!!!! I’m pissed.",1,2023-12-14 13:41:34+00:00,Trustpilot,placed order nov th received confirmation email bank account debited however never received order dont reply instagram email people pr cant reached linked brand previous product never thought look review wish juste gave nothing includes delivery cost im pissed
Primark,Fast Fashion,Tried to exchange an item for larger…,"Tried to exchange an item for larger size. Met with rudeness, unprofessional behaviour, refusal to assist, lack of interest. Requested the manager attend. Scruffy badly dressed individual arrived with the same attitude. There are other department stores in preference to this one in Lincoln UK that would enjoy giving good customer experience. This store is not one of them. Avoid.",1,2023-12-13 23:26:26+00:00,Trustpilot,tried exchange item larger size met rudeness unprofessional behaviour refusal assist lack interest requested manager attend scruffy badly dressed individual arrived attitude department store preference one lincoln uk would enjoy giving good customer experience store one avoid
Primark,Fast Fashion,Horrible customer service,"I was super excited about the store opening at Concord Mills in NC but was hugely disappointed. The event was disorganized with zero transparency to event details. Especially regarding gift cards, I asked several team members about handing out gift cards and no one knew whether or not there would be any. Also, the team members were very rude when answering my questions. I also talked with a couple contractors (people with the contractor badge) working for the event and they were very unfriendly as well. I felt prejudice and discrimination from one contractor who showed extreme discrimination and malice toward me when I asked him about today’s event details. Again, super disappointed and hope the store can improve.",1,2023-11-16 23:18:18+00:00,Trustpilot,super excited store opening concord mill nc hugely disappointed event disorganized zero transparency event detail especially regarding gift card asked several team member handing gift card one knew whether would also team member rude answering question also talked couple contractor people contractor badge working event unfriendly well felt prejudice discrimination one contractor showed extreme discrimination malice toward asked today event detail super disappointed hope store improve
Primark,Fast Fashion,The staff in your shop on the Moor were…,The staff in your shop on the Moor were rude and ignorant. I asked where the changing rooms were and the young lady said she didnt know. I understand people can be new but she didn't attempt to help me out,1,2023-11-09 08:43:31+00:00,Trustpilot,staff shop moor rude ignorant asked changing room young lady said didnt know understand people new didnt attempt help
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,DO NOT PURCHASE,"Wish I had seen these reviews, I too placed an order which was returned. They are happy to take your money but when it comes to refunds NO refund received, no telephone number and they don’t respond to emails! AVOID",1,2023-11-03 10:53:06+00:00,Trustpilot,wish seen review placed order returned happy take money come refund refund received telephone number dont respond email avoid
Primark,Fast Fashion,Good stuff for a fraction if price,Good stuff for a fraction if price. Love shopping here,4,2023-10-30 12:13:52+00:00,Trustpilot,good stuff fraction price love shopping
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,"This firm has gone bust, do not use it!","Do not buy from this firm, they have gone into administration!! I don't know why their website is still up and running.",1,2023-10-20 13:09:40+00:00,Trustpilot,buy firm gone administration dont know website still running
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,No refund received!,"like others, the item was returned some time ago but no refund was issued. There is no correspondence from the company despite many attempts to contact customer services.",1,2023-10-12 10:28:03+00:00,Trustpilot,like others item returned time ago refund issued correspondence company despite many attempt contact customer service
Primark,Fast Fashion,"Don't buy, PIR Lights. Soon burn out",Primark's undercabinet lights last a day!,1,2023-09-23 08:31:19+00:00,Trustpilot,primarks undercabinet light last day
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Company has gone under,"I have just received report detailing me as a creditor, the company has gone under. Do not order anything as you will not receive it!",1,2023-09-21 19:07:17+00:00,Trustpilot,received report detailing creditor company gone order anything receive
Primark,Fast Fashion,Bracknell customer service experience.,"Went to Bracknell store and bought a set of underwear and socks. The customer assistant behind the counter was as rude and I’ll mannered as I’ve ever seen. Said come here sir and proceeded to scan and literally throw my goods into a paper bag and ask me for the money which I paid by card for then threw my receipt in the bag. Then I realised that she’d over charged me and asked her why she charged me £11.00 for goods that were marked £5.00 on the pack. She looked at me like I had just insulted her and called her manager over for help. He explained what to do if it happened again and she stood behind the counter and argued with him about it in front of me and other customers and staff. This lady has completely the wrong attitude to be working in retail and will not ever be an asset to primark or any retailer. She has absolutely no customer service acumen or service skills. Just because Primark goods are cheaper than other retailers doesn’t mean that Primark customers should be treated like 2nd class citizens and be spoken to and treated in such a rude, dismissive and disrespectful manner. Absolutely disgusting behaviour!",1,2023-09-20 17:03:33+00:00,Trustpilot,went bracknell store bought set underwear sock customer assistant behind counter rude ill mannered ive ever seen said come sir proceeded scan literally throw good paper bag ask money paid card threw receipt bag realised shed charged asked charged good marked pack looked like insulted called manager help explained happened stood behind counter argued front customer staff lady completely wrong attitude working retail ever asset primark retailer absolutely customer service acumen service skill primark good cheaper retailer doesnt mean primark customer treated like nd class citizen spoken treated rude dismissive disrespectful manner absolutely disgusting behaviour
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Issues obtaining a refund,"Similar to other reviews, I'm waiting for a refund. I returned items on July 17th and have had no response from People Tree despite chasing them several times. They don't respond to emails and there doesn't seem to be a contact number. So disappointing as I've bought clothes from them in the past and have never had any problems before.",1,2023-09-19 20:03:48+00:00,Trustpilot,similar review im waiting refund returned item july th response people tree despite chasing several time dont respond email doesnt seem contact number disappointing ive bought clothes past never problem
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,"No customer service, no response",Same as others I foolishly ordered twice! 🤦🏼‍♀️ so now waiting for 2 refunds!  I am very disappointed.,1,2023-09-14 21:02:30+00:00,Trustpilot,others foolishly ordered twice waiting refund disappointed
Primark,Fast Fashion,Primark West Bromwich,"Primark West Bromwich, never had any issues but this time the customer services and managers were horrible, think they were in a rush. I bought a pair of Disney Mickey mouse black school shoes from the school section of the shop for 4yr old. My DD went to school and came back with the bleeding at the back of feet just after 1 day of wear. I bought her another pair from a different shop. When I went back to return the shoe to Primark, the lady at the till made faces and gossiped to her colleague that if she or her kids have this issue she won't return them but buy them other pair from CLARKS. Then came the lady manager and her statement was: those shoes are not the school shoe but the fashion wear and parents should buy from big brands to have comfort shoes. So I felt they were promoting other brands and if they knew these shoes are the fashion shoe they should have put it on clearly and not on the school section, so that customers shouldn't buy them. None of the staff showed any kindness or concern,no responsibility of misleading information. None of them offered any exchange or any gift card. Rubbish customer service and manager statement was legendary. So PLEASE DON'T BUY DISNEY MICKEY MOUSE SHOE FROM PRIMARK FOR SCHOOL.",1,2023-09-14 19:51:39+00:00,Trustpilot,primark west bromwich never issue time customer service manager horrible think rush bought pair disney mickey mouse black school shoe school section shop yr old dd went school came back bleeding back foot day wear bought another pair different shop went back return shoe primark lady till made face gossiped colleague kid issue wont return buy pair clark came lady manager statement shoe school shoe fashion wear parent buy big brand comfort shoe felt promoting brand knew shoe fashion shoe put clearly school section customer shouldnt buy none staff showed kindness concernno responsibility misleading information none offered exchange gift card rubbish customer service manager statement legendary please dont buy disney mickey mouse shoe primark school
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Return not refunded,"Same as many others here - returned part of an order in July and still not received a refund. Have emailed them, and messaged on social media - nothing. Next step is to try to claim back via the bank.",1,2023-09-14 11:50:13+00:00,Trustpilot,many others returned part order july still received refund emailed messaged social medium nothing next step try claim back via bank
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,"No refund/communication, what is happening","It's to do with refunds. I'm worried that they are in finacial difficulty. Like previous reviewers, returned 3 items in July and had no refund, no reply to emails and phone number unobtainable. Not very ethical to ignore your customers. Sounds like they are in trouble. Will not order with them and advise others likewise.",1,2023-09-12 12:53:20+00:00,Trustpilot,refund im worried finacial difficulty like previous reviewer returned item july refund reply email phone number unobtainable ethical ignore customer sound like trouble order advise others likewise
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,I won't shop here again,"I won't shop here again. Historically good service and well made items that I've loved. However, I have had to chase for refunds and wait months for them to come through on the last two occassions and now I am still waiting for a refund for items I returned in May after they shipped me the wrong thing. They haven't responded to my emails. I have now raised a dispute on PayPal. Very disappointing.",2,2023-09-11 14:33:59+00:00,Trustpilot,wont shop historically good service well made item ive loved however chase refund wait month come last two occassions still waiting refund item returned may shipped wrong thing havent responded email raised dispute paypal disappointing
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Do not order,"Do not order! Company has massively gone downhill. I sent a return back in August, and company is ignoring my emails/Instagram messages. Luckily I purchased via Paypal, so I am getting back my refund back from them. Disappointing because this used to be a great company.",1,2023-09-11 09:35:17+00:00,Trustpilot,order company massively gone downhill sent return back august company ignoring emailsinstagram message luckily purchased via paypal getting back refund back disappointing used great company
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Absolutely no response from seller…,Absolutely no response from customer services despite repeated emails for 4 weeks now. Their sizing is ridiculously wrong so I returned some clothing. I have proof of returns but no refund. Will I ever get a refund? Seems unlikely judging by the other reviews,1,2023-09-09 01:11:45+00:00,Trustpilot,absolutely response customer service despite repeated email week sizing ridiculously wrong returned clothing proof return refund ever get refund seems unlikely judging review
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Ordering is easy but good luck getting a refund for your return,I am very disappointed in this company. I made a return for one of the items I'd ordered back in July. The return was received on 20th of July but Peopletree did not acknowledge the return or let me know that a refund was being processed. I contacted them by email as that is the way they said to be contacted. However I received no response. I eventually messaged them on Facebook and was told that they were working through their emails. There was no follow up from this whatsoever. I tried using Resolver to escalate this and still no response. Eventually after reading a recommendation on Instagram I raised a dispute with PayPal and got my refund. I have no idea what's going on with this company but I'm not happy that they're accepting and sending orders fine but seem to have no customer service whatsoever.,1,2023-09-08 13:10:04+00:00,Trustpilot,disappointed company made return one item id ordered back july return received th july peopletree acknowledge return let know refund processed contacted email way said contacted however received response eventually messaged facebook told working email follow whatsoever tried using resolver escalate still response eventually reading recommendation instagram raised dispute paypal got refund idea whats going company im happy theyre accepting sending order fine seem customer service whatsoever
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,I returned goods on the 11th of August…,I returned goods on the 11th of August and like that have always adored their clothes. No response to emails and UK phone number isn't working. Will I need to go through the ombudsman to get this sorted. I am owed £200 sterling and am loathe to buy from them again. Bitterly disappointed with this service or lack thereof and at a loss as to why it's happening!!,1,2023-09-06 08:27:02+00:00,Trustpilot,returned good th august like always adored clothes response email uk phone number isnt working need go ombudsman get sorted owed sterling loathe buy bitterly disappointed service lack thereof loss happening
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,No refund,No refund. No response. This company is disintegrating and shout not rightfully be trading any more. So much for ethical trading.,1,2023-09-04 21:09:26+00:00,Trustpilot,refund response company disintegrating shout rightfully trading much ethical trading
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,"NO refund, zero communication","NO refund, no communication, do not buy from them Sorry to be another person with a bad experience of People Tree. No refund received for clothes returned in June, no response to my multiple emails. I did get an initial response which said their Customer Service representative had left and to bear with them… asking me to email them to prompt them!! Then no replies at all. I even sent a formal letter via recorded delivery to their offices which has been returned. I’ve had good experiences with People Tree in the past but can only urge people not to buy from them now.",1,2023-09-04 20:53:47+00:00,Trustpilot,refund communication buy sorry another person bad experience people tree refund received clothes returned june response multiple email get initial response said customer service representative left bear asking email prompt reply even sent formal letter via recorded delivery office returned ive good experience people tree past urge people buy
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,"NO COMMUNICATION, NO REFUND, HAS THIS COMPANY GONE BUST","I returned some items over two months ago, and despite contacting them many times via email (they do not have a phone number), I have still not received a refund. I have now taken up the issue with the ombudsman and my bank. The website is still up and running, so it seems that they are still trading despite the many reports that the business has gone bust. I am owed £70 and I am not very confident I will get it back...",1,2023-09-04 17:21:40+00:00,Trustpilot,returned item two month ago despite contacting many time via email phone number still received refund taken issue ombudsman bank website still running seems still trading despite many report business gone bust owed confident get back
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Radio silence on refunds,Made an order 24th July which I sent for return on 31st July. It's not 4th August and no recognition of this at all or response to any emails with proof of postage. Tried calling customer services and the number doesn't work. I have always supported People Tree in the past for well made ethical clothing but this has completely ruined my trust in the brand,1,2023-09-04 17:09:27+00:00,Trustpilot,made order th july sent return st july th august recognition response email proof postage tried calling customer service number doesnt work always supported people tree past well made ethical clothing completely ruined trust brand
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,I am still awaiting a refund after…,"I am still awaiting a refund after returning an item on 21st June 2023. I have emailed them 3 times. On the first occasion I did receive an email from their CEO James Minney in which he explained that a member of staff who dealt with returns had left the company rather suddenly. Since then, no reply to emails. It is very disappointing as I like to support ethical companies",1,2023-09-03 15:06:03+00:00,Trustpilot,still awaiting refund returning item st june emailed time first occasion receive email ceo james minney explained member staff dealt return left company rather suddenly since reply email disappointing like support ethical company
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Do not purchase anything you may return,Very sad to say am having the exact same experience as recent reviews on here. They really should not be accepting any orders if they are not staffing the returns department. Very sad to say think I've lost my money for the returned dresses. Not very ethical at all as it turns out.,1,2023-08-31 23:39:27+00:00,Trustpilot,sad say exact experience recent review really accepting order staffing return department sad say think ive lost money returned dress ethical turn
Primark,Fast Fashion,I bought a pair of pyjama bottoms on…,"I bought a pair of pyjama bottoms on the 26th of August which I cut of the price tags and tried to return them on the 29th of August as they had a rip in them after just three wares. I pointed out the fault to them and they said that they could not take them back as all the tags where off and they couldn't resell them anyway. As I have a learning disability I struggle to stick up to people so I did not know how to argue back, that this is a fault and that the rip was not a result of anything I had done. I will not be shopping in Primark again after this experience.",1,2023-08-29 20:01:50+00:00,Trustpilot,bought pair pyjama bottom th august cut price tag tried return th august rip three ware pointed fault said could take back tag couldnt resell anyway learning disability struggle stick people know argue back fault rip result anything done shopping primark experience
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Going bust?,"No refund. No reply to emails. On the grapevine I’ve heard all the staff have been made redundant. Can’t be long for this world. Order at your peril - and make sure you use a credit card or PayPal. If you’re missing your refund, get on to your bank now.",1,2023-08-19 11:23:24+00:00,Trustpilot,refund reply email grapevine ive heard staff made redundant cant long world order peril make sure use credit card paypal youre missing refund get bank
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,I hope you check on here before buying…,I hope you check on here before buying anything directly from people tree I bought 4 items and returned one dress still have not got my refund and you send emails and no one replies I going to report them and I hope everyone does too this is unacceptable,1,2023-08-16 15:07:50+00:00,Trustpilot,hope check buying anything directly people tree bought item returned one dress still got refund send email one reply going report hope everyone unacceptable
Primark,Fast Fashion,Purchased a pair of trousers did not…,Purchased a pair of trousers did not try on at shop. Turned out to be a bad fit. Whent back to exchange was turned away then found my receipt eventually and was turned away again for it being over 28 days! Frustrating I only wanted an exchange they have causes me so much stress awful when you spend hundreds and they fuss over £14 of an exchange!!!!!,1,2023-08-08 17:58:47+00:00,Trustpilot,purchased pair trouser try shop turned bad fit whent back exchange turned away found receipt eventually turned away day frustrating wanted exchange cause much stress awful spend hundred fuss exchange
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,i do not recommend to buy there,i do not recommend to buy there. i had to sent some stuff back an never got my money in return.,1,2023-08-07 19:55:21+00:00,Trustpilot,recommend buy sent stuff back never got money return
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,"Awful rude customer service, don’t buy from here if you ever need to make a return or need assistance","Awful customer service, unfortunately the dress I bought didn’t quite fit so I sent it back promptly the day after receiving it. After about 10 days I hadn’t heard anything on wether they had received my return or when a refund would be processed. I emailed about 3 or 4 times, tried to ring the phone lines that are now non existent due to ‘covid’ I also tried to message via social media about my return. I finally received a response via email explaining that they were having staffing issues but yet nothing explaining if they had received my return or when a refund would be processed after again sending 3 or 4 emails multiple days apart they finally said they had processed a refund. Suprise suprise refund still hasn’t arrived in my bank so I contacted yet again and they showed me proof of refund to someone who has a completely different first name to me but has the same surname for a wrong amount. After emailing back and saying they had the wrong person I got a strongly worded email saying it was my fault that the refund hasn’t been processed correctly as I threatened them to go to social media, I read back through my dozen emails to them to check and alas I hadn’t made any sort of threats whatsoever the only mention of social media was that ‘I tried to contact customer services via social media’ Not only has the process of getting a refund been lengthily and time consuming the communication and false accusations and allegations from customer service and they way they have spoken to me have been disgusting and upsetting.",1,2023-08-02 13:26:24+00:00,Trustpilot,awful customer service unfortunately dress bought didnt quite fit sent back promptly day receiving day hadnt heard anything wether received return refund would processed emailed time tried ring phone line non existent due covid also tried message via social medium return finally received response via email explaining staffing issue yet nothing explaining received return refund would processed sending email multiple day apart finally said processed refund suprise suprise refund still hasnt arrived bank contacted yet showed proof refund someone completely different first name surname wrong amount emailing back saying wrong person got strongly worded email saying fault refund hasnt processed correctly threatened go social medium read back dozen email check ala hadnt made sort threat whatsoever mention social medium tried contact customer service via social medium process getting refund lengthily time consuming communication false accusation allegation customer service way spoken disgusting upsetting
Primark,Fast Fashion,Struggled in past what to chose from my…,"Struggled in past what to chose from my full basket. What happened to pull along baskets, carry can be heavy.  So I did not spend hundreds of £. Now neither myself or husband can't find anything we like.  Have u changed buyer????  Looking forward to cafe opening, it's GREGGS, millions of them was looking forward to primark cafe something different. Spotted 4 boys looking at clothes with pasties in hand, yuk. a t",1,2023-07-24 15:52:38+00:00,Trustpilot,struggled past chose full basket happened pull along basket carry heavy spend hundred neither husband cant find anything like u changed buyer looking forward cafe opening greggs million looking forward primark cafe something different spotted boy looking clothes pasty hand yuk
Primark,Fast Fashion,STAR,Jenna (manager)at the Market street Manchester branch is a star. She went above and beyond to find me a suit trousers in the required size.She definitely saved the day when all seemed lost.,5,2023-06-29 17:36:28+00:00,Trustpilot,jenna managerat market street manchester branch star went beyond find suit trouser required sizeshe definitely saved day seemed lost
Primark,Fast Fashion,Improve sizes in ur underware,Improve sizes in ur underware. Alot of young ladies are small in the back starting at 28 going up to ff g cup. You have nice young range but not everyone can ware them. I have a 13 and 15 year old neither can buy from you guys being 30 ff and 28 E,2,2023-06-16 23:54:25+00:00,Trustpilot,improve size ur underware alot young lady small back starting going ff g cup nice young range everyone ware year old neither buy guy ff e
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Fair-trade OG has still got it,"People Tree is my go-to for well made, well cut clothing made of organic materials. The quality of their stuff is excellent for the price, especially considering it is fair trade. The one time I had to return something they dealt with it without any hassle. Highly recommend them.",5,2023-05-30 00:07:51+00:00,Trustpilot,people tree goto well made well cut clothing made organic material quality stuff excellent price especially considering fair trade one time return something dealt without hassle highly recommend
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,if customer service matters to you this…,"if customer service matters to you this company replies to emails by a real human who is kind, considerate, and professional. customer service attitude really matters to me and it hasn't been one occasion they were very polite and helpful. they offer free returns which is also helpful. for the tops I have found the sizing generous, for bottoms i have found it regular. not everyone is always perfect but I think this is a good company to purchase and support. I hope this carries on.",5,2023-04-19 21:46:51+00:00,Trustpilot,customer service matter company reply email real human kind considerate professional customer service attitude really matter hasnt one occasion polite helpful offer free return also helpful top found sizing generous bottom found regular everyone always perfect think good company purchase support hope carry
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Always great to shop from People Tree,Always great to shop from People Tree. Thanks a lot!,5,2023-04-14 23:04:47+00:00,Trustpilot,always great shop people tree thanks lot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Nothing went wrong.I Wanted to buy…,"Nothing went wrong.I Wanted to buy summer wardrobe for 2 kids only to find out that they do not do click and collect at most of their branches in the north east so I am unable to purchase anything. They do not sell online so if you live in the sticks like me you go to H&M instead who do, do online shopping. I think click and collect should be available at all the stores not just in Cities. A Grimsby Mum",2,2023-04-13 10:59:25+00:00,Trustpilot,nothing went wrongi wanted buy summer wardrobe kid find click collect branch north east unable purchase anything sell online live stick like go hm instead online shopping think click collect available store city grimsby mum
Primark,Fast Fashion,Management should be ashamed of themselves!,"I will be honest, but I will find it very difficult to be constructive, as I have just discovered that Primark's customer service is shocking.  They do not even understand the meaning of the term.  I am a 67 year old lady who lives alone and have no family.  Unfortunately I was rushed to hospital 3 weeks ago and taken into resus with heart problems, before being admitted for 2 weeks, This meant that I was unable to return some goods to Primark within the 28 day timeframe.  I have spent several hours calling not only Head Office but also 4 stores to ask if I could have a couple more days to return the goods, as I am not long out of hospital.  Nobody ever answers the phone, even at Head Office.  In fact you are cut off after it rings a few times.  Unlike Next and M & S and Roman, Primark does not ""have a heart"" and will not allow me to return £20 worth of goods a little late - even though I can provide proof.  How could I possibly return on time, when I have been ""blue lighted"" with sirens into hospital?  I have been told that you are unable to help.  Your staff could not even wish me all the best.  What sort of training do you give your staff?  I am mortified to learn that this is what you think of your customers.  I am seriously thinking of taking this to the papers.",1,2023-03-25 20:24:55+00:00,Trustpilot,honest find difficult constructive discovered primarks customer service shocking even understand meaning term year old lady life alone family unfortunately rushed hospital week ago taken resus heart problem admitted week meant unable return good primark within day timeframe spent several hour calling head office also store ask could couple day return good long hospital nobody ever answer phone even head office fact cut ring time unlike next roman primark heart allow return worth good little late even though provide proof could possibly return time blue lighted siren hospital told unable help staff could even wish best sort training give staff mortified learn think customer seriously thinking taking paper
Primark,Fast Fashion,Your employee a sales assistant at your…,"Your employee a sales assistant at your Wolverhampton branch. Her  name is  Selina. She is exceptional, a credit to your store. Whatever the day or time she is cheerful, pleasant and welcoming. Always a smile and  a quick chat. My daughter and myself have watched while we queue and she never changes whatever type of customer she is serving. I would be very grateful if Selina could be congratulated for her great attitude as previously stated she is a credit to Primark. WELL DONE SELINA",5,2023-03-23 15:46:28+00:00,Trustpilot,employee sale assistant wolverhampton branch name selina exceptional credit store whatever day time cheerful pleasant welcoming always smile quick chat daughter watched queue never change whatever type customer serving would grateful selina could congratulated great attitude previously stated credit primark well done selina
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,"Fabulous service, beautiful clothes","Order arrived within 48 hours. I'm a size 14, dress and jeans true to size, love the ethics of this company. Highly recommend!",5,2023-02-28 20:36:18+00:00,Trustpilot,order arrived within hour im size dress jean true size love ethic company highly recommend
Primark,Fast Fashion,eyelash glue,I bought eyelashes then as soon as I got home five minutes later I realised that they didn't come with glue so about ten minutes after I bought them I went back to the shop and asked to return them and I hadn't even opened them and they said no so I asked can you at least provide me with some eyelash glue and they said no so I didn't have a very good experience and think they should provide glue with all eyelash set I'm never buying eyelashes from primark again and I certainly don't recommend them at all hopefully you will reconsider putting eyelash glue with the eyelash sets not a separate thing for more then four pounds more  -Daisy Mendes,1,2023-01-08 18:11:57+00:00,Trustpilot,bought eyelash soon got home five minute later realised didnt come glue ten minute bought went back shop asked return hadnt even opened said asked least provide eyelash glue said didnt good experience think provide glue eyelash set im never buying eyelash primark certainly dont recommend hopefully reconsider putting eyelash glue eyelash set separate thing four pound daisy mendes
Primark,Fast Fashion,Non existent customer service,I had a very frustrating experience in the Bournemouth store and have now emailed the help us Primark email three times since 21st Dec with no reply. All this inconvenience over £10 but it’s the principle that matters. How can such a large retailer refuse to offer any alternatives if a receipt genuinely gets lost? I provided alternative proof of purchase. Baffling. I shall take to the phone now as email appears beyond this company!,1,2023-01-05 21:55:33+00:00,Trustpilot,frustrating experience bournemouth store emailed help u primark email three time since st dec reply inconvenience principle matter large retailer refuse offer alternative receipt genuinely get lost provided alternative proof purchase baffling shall take phone email appears beyond company
Primark,Fast Fashion,After speaking to the girl at desk…,"After speaking to the girl at desk about the item being a gift and being too small,  and not having a receipt she refused to exchange it. Said it was head office policy.  It is appalling,  so many people have very little these days and some may not have any other gift this year, which means if they can’t have an exchange they have nothing for Christmas!!! Well done Primark for NO Good Will to children this year!  You should be ashamed of yourselves. Don’t buy from Primark. Disgraceful service. Out to make even more money from the poorer people.",1,2022-12-30 23:06:11+00:00,Trustpilot,speaking girl desk item gift small receipt refused exchange said head office policy appalling many people little day may gift year mean cant exchange nothing christmas well done primark good child year ashamed dont buy primark disgraceful service make even money poorer people
Primark,Fast Fashion,Website wants your email,Went on the website and keep getting blocked until you enter an email address to sign up to their pestering you with offers..... stop trying to sell to us. let us decide to buy.,1,2022-12-12 12:15:55+00:00,Trustpilot,went website keep getting blocked enter email address sign pestering offer stop trying sell u let u decide buy
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Odd fits and poor refund process.,I really like the ethics and concept of this company: stylish clothes made by correctly paid workers. BUT their sizing for any kind of curve really doesn't work. It also takes a really long time to get a refund. I've gone through the process a couple of times now and it just doesn't work.,2,2022-11-24 10:33:24+00:00,Trustpilot,really like ethic concept company stylish clothes made correctly paid worker sizing kind curve really doesnt work also take really long time get refund ive gone process couple time doesnt work
Primark,Fast Fashion,What’s the point is having a store and…,What’s the point is having a store and not making the products available to buy online!,1,2022-11-23 11:52:08+00:00,Trustpilot,whats point store making product available buy online
Primark,Fast Fashion,They know my style what I like,"they know my style what I like, immediately I come in I found a beautiful outfit/accessory that calls my name Thanks Primark!!!",5,2022-11-16 20:56:52+00:00,Trustpilot,know style like immediately come found beautiful outfitaccessory call name thanks primark
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,I like the fact that all the clothes…,I like the fact that all the clothes here are eco friendly.the design and style are my taste too which is a bonus.prices are reasonable as well and i think i would buy from peopletree again.,5,2022-11-11 13:17:01+00:00,Trustpilot,like fact clothes eco friendlythe design style taste bonusprices reasonable well think would buy peopletree
Primark,Fast Fashion,Southend on Sea store,"Visited the Southend on Sea store which I have dome on several occasions and was looking for smart casual trousers,  there was none to be seen and a pleasant shop assistant says they no longer stock them.",1,2022-10-11 20:40:09+00:00,Trustpilot,visited southend sea store dome several occasion looking smart casual trouser none seen pleasant shop assistant say longer stock
Primark,Fast Fashion,Just get some AI's to serve customers,"Bought a pair of sneaker, a shirt, and a pants, all were on sale but showed original price in the cashier, staffs were very impatient about it and won't bother to check when after discounted, the amount was still inaccurate.. the staffs in the fitting room won't stop gossiping about other customers. Do they pay to work there? That's why the attitude? Won't even go there no more even if they give away their products for free.",1,2022-10-06 20:12:48+00:00,Trustpilot,bought pair sneaker shirt pant sale showed original price cashier staff impatient wont bother check discounted amount still inaccurate staff fitting room wont stop gossiping customer pay work thats attitude wont even go even give away product free
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,No confirmation of receipt no refund,"No confirmation of receipt, no refund within 3 weeks of receipt of return ( to dutch EU mainland returns center). No response via email. Such a shame! I Live the company and the products which I purchase and enjoy for macht years. Butter this is inacceptable",1,2022-09-29 10:14:17+00:00,Trustpilot,confirmation receipt refund within week receipt return dutch eu mainland return center response via email shame live company product purchase enjoy macht year butter inacceptable
Primark,Fast Fashion,"Poor Service, Awful In-store Experience - Why bother when there is better","I was told if I was to contact customer services that you would be able to help. This week I tried to return some items that I bought before my holidays and I was refused the return or exchange for items I had taken to the till due to them being slightly outside the 28 return date. I explained to the store attendant and then supervisor that I am 28 weeks pregnant and have been poorly and unable to return these items. The items I wanted to return total between £50- 60 which is a lot to lose with items that don't fit me and a few that didn't fit my children. As you are aware there is a bit of a culture with Primark that encourages us to spend freely with lower prices, however I am so disappointed that I have done that and been met with such a strict returns policy. As a bit of insight I would like to say I was 25 weeks pregnant when I bought these items, your changing rooms on the women's wear level were closed, the store was extremely hot, staff directed me to other changing rooms that were just as busy and then then I queued for about 30 minutes to make my purchase. Its really hard and a challenge to shop there when you are not pregnant never mind pregnant. At the very least I was only expecting to exchange - no more but I travelled all the way to Warrington to have a wasted journey and it just really upset me as other retailers (like New Look) didn't even ask they just did the returns without a query. I was even more disappointed that the human factor didn't exist to understand the challenges as a pregnant woman in your store has had and why I just bought items without trying on. With other retailers relaxing their returns policy, some going to unlimited! It’s clear that it encourages repeat purchases that are far more valuable. PRIMARK VALUE NO ONE just want you in and out of their stores and your money. Zero service. Get to a better shop, plenty that have better quality online and in stores like new look that deliver to your door and don’t have this issue. First store that I’ve ever known not to even exchange with a receipt even after the date! It was a day or two!",1,2022-09-21 00:27:26+00:00,Trustpilot,told contact customer service would able help week tried return item bought holiday refused return exchange item taken till due slightly outside return date explained store attendant supervisor week pregnant poorly unable return item item wanted return total lot lose item dont fit didnt fit child aware bit culture primark encourages u spend freely lower price however disappointed done met strict return policy bit insight would like say week pregnant bought item changing room womens wear level closed store extremely hot staff directed changing room busy queued minute make purchase really hard challenge shop pregnant never mind pregnant least expecting exchange travelled way warrington wasted journey really upset retailer like new look didnt even ask return without query even disappointed human factor didnt exist understand challenge pregnant woman store bought item without trying retailer relaxing return policy going unlimited clear encourages repeat purchase far valuable primark value one want store money zero service get better shop plenty better quality online store like new look deliver door dont issue first store ive ever known even exchange receipt even date day two
Primark,Fast Fashion,Primark Centre:MK POOR SERVICE,We recently visited the centre:MK primark and was very disappointed and disgusted at the attitude and laziness of the staff. Both myself and my husband visited the beauty section to have our eyebrows waxed. There was a lady in front of us asking for the same service… the member of staff on the reception couldn’t be less enthusiastic. She point blank said no to the lady I. Front of us.. and to myself and my husband… saying they were busy when the whole of the beauty section was completely empty. I am bringing this behaviour to your attention because your staff are turning away paying customers just to have an easy day. But are giving your company a very bad reputation for poor customer service,1,2022-09-20 00:31:25+00:00,Trustpilot,recently visited centremk primark disappointed disgusted attitude laziness staff husband visited beauty section eyebrow waxed lady front u asking service member staff reception couldnt less enthusiastic point blank said lady front u husband saying busy whole beauty section completely empty bringing behaviour attention staff turning away paying customer easy day giving company bad reputation poor customer service
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Beautiful clothes and eco-friendly,"Beautiful dresses, made sustainably from high quality fabric. The items arrived quicker than expected and all fit like a glove. Will purchase again",5,2022-08-20 14:52:58+00:00,Trustpilot,beautiful dress made sustainably high quality fabric item arrived quicker expected fit like glove purchase
Primark,Fast Fashion,Great customer service,"I took my 9 year old niece to Penneys to shop with her birthday money and she collected a basket at the door and filled it and we went to the checkout to a very nice sales assistant who checked in my niece's purchases.  When we got home I found the receipt contained an item that we had not picked up, I figured it had been left at the bottom of the shopping basket/bag and we did not see it before we went shopping, it was something my niece had no use for, and was too young to use it.  I sent a photo of the item along with a copy of the receipt to Customer Services Primark and they promptly replied and subsequently sent a e-gift card for twice the price of the item.  Thank you Primark.",5,2022-08-11 11:50:04+00:00,Trustpilot,took year old niece penneys shop birthday money collected basket door filled went checkout nice sale assistant checked niece purchase got home found receipt contained item picked figured left bottom shopping basketbag see went shopping something niece use young use sent photo item along copy receipt customer service primark promptly replied subsequently sent egift card twice price item thank primark
Primark,Fast Fashion,Buyers beware,"Went to return a couple of items. The first were socks that had rubber around the rim of the sock to help them stay up and the second was a shirt. The socks had caused a dermatitis where the rubber had contact with my skin and the shirt had a pen mark on it that I hadn’t noticed on purchase. The customer services assistant Karam called her manager. The manager, Samya, told me that the socks couldn’t have caused me dermatitis as no other customers had complained. With regards to the pen mark, she told me that items are meticulously checked on the shop floor and an item would never be sold with a pen mark on it. I had to argue with her before she issued the returns but her attitude remained poor and argumentative.",1,2022-08-05 20:11:28+00:00,Trustpilot,went return couple item first sock rubber around rim sock help stay second shirt sock caused dermatitis rubber contact skin shirt pen mark hadnt noticed purchase customer service assistant karam called manager manager samya told sock couldnt caused dermatitis customer complained regard pen mark told item meticulously checked shop floor item would never sold pen mark argue issued return attitude remained poor argumentative
Primark,Fast Fashion,"Non-colourfast dyes; they run, they stain!","Decent stores, nice staff (where I've visted). The clothes are unsurprisingly very bad and not for the reason you might first expect. The problem is the dyes. The stitching of clothes is usually great and the materials are fairly good, but none of the garments have good quality fast dyes. End result? After a few washes your garment fades, or worse; if it is black, navy or dark grey it will end up with brownish red stains where the red dye has run and the others haven't. This actually makes Primark terrible value for money as you'd need to replace every garment that does this far more often than if you'd paid double the price elsewhere. Think, one pair of shorts from Primark lasting a month or two versus a well made pair with good dyes lasting one or two years, perhaps longer. I won't shop here again. I don't shop here exclusively, but this is one of the few stores I keep having to buy replacements for. Matalan was the same. Cheap dyes ruin otherwise good clothing. Bad value. Bad quality non-colourfast dyes. There really is no point stepping foot in this shop. Note: all washed per the label unstructions (40°C) & washed with similar colours, inside out.",2,2022-07-04 19:31:26+00:00,Trustpilot,decent store nice staff ive visted clothes unsurprisingly bad reason might first expect problem dye stitching clothes usually great material fairly good none garment good quality fast dye end result wash garment fade worse black navy dark grey end brownish red stain red dye run others havent actually make primark terrible value money youd need replace every garment far often youd paid double price elsewhere think one pair short primark lasting month two versus well made pair good dye lasting one two year perhaps longer wont shop dont shop exclusively one store keep buy replacement matalan cheap dye ruin otherwise good clothing bad value bad quality noncolourfast dye really point stepping foot shop note washed per label unstructions c washed similar colour inside
Primark,Fast Fashion,Service was great and staff were very…,Service was great and staff were very helpful and nice. Thank you,5,2022-05-14 15:44:20+00:00,Trustpilot,service great staff helpful nice thank
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Beautiful handmade,"Beautiful handmade, organic and ethical clothing.  Have shopped with people tree for over 10 years because their clothes are an investment and last a long time.  It feels good too knowing I am investing in the people who made them and their traditional production methods that are environmentally friendly and worth every penny.  Such a wonderful company and ethos.",5,2022-05-08 22:10:21+00:00,Trustpilot,beautiful handmade organic ethical clothing shopped people tree year clothes investment last long time feel good knowing investing people made traditional production method environmentally friendly worth every penny wonderful company ethos
Primark,Fast Fashion,Great service,"Great service, friendly staff, good price. Recommended",5,2022-04-18 04:54:11+00:00,Trustpilot,great service friendly staff good price recommended
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,women's underwear…,"Recently bought some women's underwear from them and another vendor as looking for sustainable options, unfortunately the people tree pants were an odd cut - slightly tight in some places, uncomfortable to wear with not very soft fabric and i would return except for no returns policy on underwear - so £30 down the drain. The other vendor's (Boody) pants were by contrast soft fabric, very comfortable fit and also sustainable.",2,2022-04-08 15:41:32+00:00,Trustpilot,recently bought womens underwear another vendor looking sustainable option unfortunately people tree pant odd cut slightly tight place uncomfortable wear soft fabric would return except return policy underwear drain vendor boody pant contrast soft fabric comfortable fit also sustainable
Primark,Fast Fashion,Good quality products,"Good quality products, price was really great. Recommended",5,2022-03-29 07:39:08+00:00,Trustpilot,good quality product price really great recommended
Primark,Fast Fashion,Outdated Returns process,"I wish I could give it less than one star …. I have kids and shop at Primark frequently - yesterday I tried to exchange a pair of shorts (all labels and tags still on) my daughter had bought the week before for a larger size …didn’t have the receipt - but had the payment on my card which I tried to show the cashier ….she agreed she could see it was a straight exchange but would need her supervisor - I could see the supervisor approaching and even before she heard what I needed - she was clear - no receipt - no refund ! I was very kind and calm and replied that that was ok - I didn’t want a refund, I wanted a simple exchange - to which she responded - No - no receipt - no exchange, then walked off. The cashier was so embarrassed - especially as I had a full basket with £140 quids worth of clothes in ! I told her to keep the shorts and donate them - but she had to refuse as it was against policy ! The whole thing was outrageous and old fashioned - most shops work on barcodes now - not paper receipts … Primark needs to adapt and evolve and put some effort into training their staff to be more professional, empathic and kind !!",1,2022-03-26 10:33:16+00:00,Trustpilot,wish could give less one star kid shop primark frequently yesterday tried exchange pair short label tag still daughter bought week larger size didnt receipt payment card tried show cashier agreed could see straight exchange would need supervisor could see supervisor approaching even heard needed clear receipt refund kind calm replied ok didnt want refund wanted simple exchange responded receipt exchange walked cashier embarrassed especially full basket quid worth clothes told keep short donate refuse policy whole thing outrageous old fashioned shop work barcodes paper receipt primark need adapt evolve put effort training staff professional empathic kind
Primark,Fast Fashion,Appalling customer service,"Appalling customer service. There is no telephone help whatsoever at the Harrogate store, or indeed the Head Office. I have tried no less than 9 times to make contact, over the past week, the line rings out for a short period of time, and then the line clears down, BEFORE anyone speaks to the customer. Resorting to e-mail is hardly any better because I have had around 3 responses to my e-mail from the same advisor,   who doesn't seem to be able to understand what I am trying to ask!  Auto- pilot responses are no good! All I wanted was to request an extension of a few days extra( to the date on my receipt) to return an item which didn't fit.I have to drive almost 30 miles to the nearest Primark store, and it would have helped me over an emergency.   I have spent a lot of money at Primark over the years, and am disgusted that they simply couldn't care less about the customer's problems, and are unwilling to put themselves out in order to give any support I won't be shopping there again. .",1,2022-02-21 14:47:55+00:00,Trustpilot,appalling customer service telephone help whatsoever harrogate store indeed head office tried less time make contact past week line ring short period time line clear anyone speaks customer resorting email hardly better around response email advisor doesnt seem able understand trying ask auto pilot response good wanted request extension day extra date receipt return item didnt fiti drive almost mile nearest primark store would helped emergency spent lot money primark year disgusted simply couldnt care less customer problem unwilling put order give support wont shopping
Primark,Fast Fashion,Good place and good products,"Good place and good products, price was good . Highly recommended",5,2022-01-31 08:45:19+00:00,Trustpilot,good place good product price good highly recommended
Primark,Fast Fashion,Terrible refund policy,"I shop in Primark a lot and generally the quality of the clothes is good and better priced than other high street retailers, although the sizing of their clothes is all over the place often meaning I have to go up two sizes in jeans - that’s fine I expect it now, but their refund policy is shocking. I bought some jeans that didn’t fit and a bodysuit that was too short even though it was the right size on the label, I’ve searched everywhere for the receipt and can’t find it. Their refund policy is that you have to have the *original till receipt* not *proof of purchase* as you do with other retailers. Sometimes people lose their receipts, life happens! Luckily the value of my items I wanted to return was only £16 but if I were a person in financial hardship like so many people are these days, this would be a lot of money to suck up! I tried to ask if they would send me a receipt or if I called the store with my transaction info would they reprint it - I got repetitive answers basically stating their refund policy which I could find on the back of my till receipt…which is lost. I’m going to have to start trying clothes in the changing rooms each time from now on as I don’t want to risk losing my receipt god forbid.",2,2022-01-28 09:27:57+00:00,Trustpilot,shop primark lot generally quality clothes good better priced high street retailer although sizing clothes place often meaning go two size jean thats fine expect refund policy shocking bought jean didnt fit bodysuit short even though right size label ive searched everywhere receipt cant find refund policy original till receipt proof purchase retailer sometimes people lose receipt life happens luckily value item wanted return person financial hardship like many people day would lot money suck tried ask would send receipt called store transaction info would reprint got repetitive answer basically stating refund policy could find back till receiptwhich lost im going start trying clothes changing room time dont want risk losing receipt god forbid
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Always excellent,"I’m sad to see so many negative reviews. I’ve been shopping with People Tree since they started, and have never had a bad experience, both with garment quality and customer service. Their sizing is sometimes quite generous, but I generally order two sizes and send one back. Returns are free and refunds generally prompt. My latest item (a shirt dress) is lovely quality and arrived next day.",5,2022-01-27 17:31:36+00:00,Trustpilot,im sad see many negative review ive shopping people tree since started never bad experience garment quality customer service sizing sometimes quite generous generally order two size send one back return free refund generally prompt latest item shirt dress lovely quality arrived next day
Primark,Fast Fashion,Good but little problem,"It’s good. Even tho some clothes don’t fit me, The Only Problem is…Since there are cash registers in every floor people can lie that they paid in a different floor and leave without get caught…but the clothes are good!",4,2021-12-25 16:29:58+00:00,Trustpilot,good even tho clothes dont fit problem issince cash register every floor people lie paid different floor leave without get caughtbut clothes good
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Beautiful clothes but quite fragile,"Beautiful clothes but quite fragile. Avoid 30° C in the washing machine, handwash is safer.",3,2021-12-19 19:07:47+00:00,Trustpilot,beautiful clothes quite fragile avoid c washing machine handwash safer
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Royal Mail lost parcel,"I ordered £65 worth of items and Royal Mail initially lost my order. My order on their website showed that it was delivered when it never was. Despite raising this with People Tree, and constant back and forth with them, I received no help and no idea what would happen to the £65 I had spent on their website. My husband chased with Royal Mail who admitted that they had mislocated the parcel and were understaffed and finally delivered it to us on the 11th Nov, a delay of almost 2 weeks. The customer service from People among the worst I've ever experienced. When in other stores (and I regularly shop at & other stories) when a parcel is lost, I'm refunded. I finally managed to get my parcel but this will be my first and last order from People Tree as their customer service have no interest in your custom once you've paid and if your parcel if lost will insinuate you're a thief whose trying to steal from them.",2,2021-12-13 09:16:19+00:00,Trustpilot,ordered worth item royal mail initially lost order order website showed delivered never despite raising people tree constant back forth received help idea would happen spent website husband chased royal mail admitted mislocated parcel understaffed finally delivered u th nov delay almost week customer service people among worst ive ever experienced store regularly shop story parcel lost im refunded finally managed get parcel first last order people tree customer service interest custom youve paid parcel lost insinuate youre thief whose trying steal
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Brexit is not a excuse for bad customer service,Customer service has many issues to be improved.,1,2021-12-01 16:31:05+00:00,Trustpilot,customer service many issue improved
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Sadly no items arrived in 6 weeks so far.,"Sadly, it's been now more than a month since order and still nothing. Customer service replied once that due to Brexit it takes more time to ship to EU. But after three more weeks no more replies on any of my e-mails.",1,2021-11-29 08:41:59+00:00,Trustpilot,sadly month since order still nothing customer service replied due brexit take time ship eu three week reply email
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,So happy with my black top,"I bought the black ribbed long sleeved organic cotton top. I'm so pleased with it - it's a substantial fabric, beautifully shaped, and I have hardly taken it off since it arrived.",5,2021-11-14 13:53:21+00:00,Trustpilot,bought black ribbed long sleeved organic cotton top im pleased substantial fabric beautifully shaped hardly taken since arrived
Primark,Fast Fashion,Excellent products,"Excellent products, good quality, I have seen articles dissing them where they bought a £2 t-shirt from Primark and compared it to a £6 t-shirt from another store, the reporter from Kent never even had the brains to buy a product of the same value.... The clothes last pretty well, their jeans out lasted my Replay jeans so I would say that's pretty good considering they were a fraction of the cost. I would definitely recommend shopping here. I am male incase anyone was wondering.",5,2021-11-13 14:30:07+00:00,Trustpilot,excellent product good quality seen article dissing bought tshirt primark compared tshirt another store reporter kent never even brain buy product value clothes last pretty well jean lasted replay jean would say thats pretty good considering fraction cost would definitely recommend shopping male incase anyone wondering
Primark,Fast Fashion,Pleasantly surprised that Primark are…,Pleasantly surprised that Primark are now climate aware and have converted to paper labels rather than plastic. Many years since I have visited Primark.,3,2021-11-10 21:54:30+00:00,Trustpilot,pleasantly surprised primark climate aware converted paper label rather plastic many year since visited primark
Primark,Fast Fashion,i think Primark is a grate place to go…,"i think Primark is a grate place to go shopping its amazing serves, clothes, jewellery, makeup, shoes and hair stuff its amazing its one of my favourite shops to go to its famous all around the world and if i could go there everyday i would.",5,2021-11-01 19:50:49+00:00,Trustpilot,think primark grate place go shopping amazing serf clothes jewellery makeup shoe hair stuff amazing one favourite shop go famous around world could go everyday would
Primark,Fast Fashion,Appalling customer service refused…,Appalling customer service refused exchange when bank receipt was shown including time of purchase and accurate date.  To me this is stealing and tbh is probably why it is doing so well in competition with others if you like the reputation of a thief !,1,2021-11-01 19:11:23+00:00,Trustpilot,appalling customer service refused exchange bank receipt shown including time purchase accurate date stealing tbh probably well competition others like reputation thief
Primark,Fast Fashion,Absolutely awful customer service,Absolutely awful customer service. My goods had more stitching hanging off than holding the item together and customer service really couldn't care less. I know there supposed to be cheap but I'd expect to at least be able the wear the item once.,1,2021-10-18 17:55:07+00:00,Trustpilot,absolutely awful customer service good stitching hanging holding item together customer service really couldnt care less know supposed cheap id expect least able wear item
Primark,Fast Fashion,Great price and good quality,Great price and good quality. Highly recommended,5,2021-10-01 07:03:00+00:00,Trustpilot,great price good quality highly recommended
Primark,Fast Fashion,Amazing just age weight is TERRIBLE!,"I love primates amazing,cheap,beautiful quality and even knowing the ages on clothes! That is until looking at the weight...",4,2021-09-23 15:04:28+00:00,Trustpilot,love primate amazingcheapbeautiful quality even knowing age clothes looking weight
Primark,Fast Fashion,There bags,The clothing is amazing material everything about but when it comes to bagging their bags are reliable they rip if to much added I know their doin recycling but I think it’s better if they used plastic recycled bags bc papers ones can’t hold as much n trying to shop around n it rips is a no go !!,3,2021-09-19 23:09:44+00:00,Trustpilot,clothing amazing material everything come bagging bag reliable rip much added know doin recycling think better used plastic recycled bag bc paper one cant hold much n trying shop around n rip go
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Very inconsistent sizing,"Very inconsistent sizing. I am a size 8 for all other brands and have no problem so far. but when I ordered 2 pairs of trousers from Peopletree in size 8, one of them is too big and long to the point that the bottom part would touch the floor even when I'm in heels; while the other is too tight to the point I couldn't put it on. Moreover, there's no size chart on the website for the second pair so there's no way I could have known.",2,2021-08-31 10:55:54+00:00,Trustpilot,inconsistent sizing size brand problem far ordered pair trouser peopletree size one big long point bottom part would touch floor even im heel tight point couldnt put moreover there size chart website second pair there way could known
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,I am such a big fan of the brand and…,"I am such a big fan of the brand and love their pjama sets. I managed to get one of the last Pink ""ZZZ"" sets and cant be happier!",5,2021-08-15 06:00:05+00:00,Trustpilot,big fan brand love pjama set managed get one last pink zzz set cant happier
Primark,Fast Fashion,Good quality products,"Good quality products, delivery was great. I would recommend them to everyone",5,2021-08-11 15:50:17+00:00,Trustpilot,good quality product delivery great would recommend everyone
Primark,Fast Fashion,Good place,"Good place , price is reasonable and good service. Thank you",5,2021-07-26 16:42:52+00:00,Trustpilot,good place price reasonable good service thank
Primark,Fast Fashion,I miss the deline to exchange or return…,"I miss the deline to exchange or return due to illness and they said no. All I wanted to do was exchange the pants for size. How hard could that be?? I was told they were out of the system, but the jeans were still on the sales floor. Will not go there again!!!",1,2021-06-30 16:52:10+00:00,Trustpilot,miss deline exchange return due illness said wanted exchange pant size hard could told system jean still sale floor go
Primark,Fast Fashion,What can I say more clothes on the…,What can I say more clothes on the floor wrong hangers wrong place not the staff fault very cheap prices but you pay for what you get 3 washes later they look terrible,3,2021-06-26 21:34:08+00:00,Trustpilot,say clothes floor wrong hanger wrong place staff fault cheap price pay get wash later look terrible
Primark,Fast Fashion,Products are good quality and price is…,Products are good quality and price is reasonable.i would recommend,5,2021-06-03 17:45:21+00:00,Trustpilot,product good quality price reasonablei would recommend
Primark,Fast Fashion,"Cheap, but low quality",Rude employees probably underpaid. Cheap clothes but their tear really quickly. Wouldn't advise.,2,2021-05-24 11:27:06+00:00,Trustpilot,rude employee probably underpaid cheap clothes tear really quickly wouldnt advise
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Wrong item sent twice,"Dear People Tree, I was very excited to shop with you for all the worthy reasons that people do. The reviews on Trust Pilot were excellent, so I had no hesitation in sending in my first order. When the order finally arrived, it had the wrong item in it. I had ordered a black polka dot dress and received a blue and black striped dress instead. When I asked for the item I had ordered, I was told that unfortunately, it was now out of stock and that if I sent the item back I would get a refund. I had to return it to the nearest Post Office which is a mile away and stand in a long queue. Much as expected in these circumstances. Two weeks later, no refund had arrived and no communication. When I queried this, I was told that a replacement order had been sent out to me, which I was really pleased about. Imagine my surprise then, to find that the item sent out to me was the wrong one again. In fact, exactly the same wrong one I had sent back. I now have to go through this ridiculous process again. What is going on People Tree? I know there's a pandemic, but this feels beyond careless. What a pity. I won't be shopping with you again.",1,2021-05-17 11:19:14+00:00,Trustpilot,dear people tree excited shop worthy reason people review trust pilot excellent hesitation sending first order order finally arrived wrong item ordered black polka dot dress received blue black striped dress instead asked item ordered told unfortunately stock sent item back would get refund return nearest post office mile away stand long queue much expected circumstance two week later refund arrived communication queried told replacement order sent really pleased imagine surprise find item sent wrong one fact exactly wrong one sent back go ridiculous process going people tree know there pandemic feel beyond careless pity wont shopping
Primark,Fast Fashion,This disgusting shop is disgraceful,"This disgusting shop is disgraceful I hate Primark with all my soul. I despise it. It is the worst place ever! Never go to Primark trust me! This revolting shop is full of reckless wild teenagers who kept yelling at me which was utterly rude. These female teenagers were a strange sort of orange colour, maybe they had a skin condition. The worst thing about this place was the manky sludge all over the floor! I think someone had an accident! Someone had done a big poo poo on the floor! In the middle of the shop! And no one could be bothered to clean it up! I told a group of the workers “You should all be doing your job and clean up the mess in your shop as someone has poo pooed all over the floor and it is your responsibility to clean that up and get rid of it so you don’t lose customers although I am surprised you have any customers with this attitude and this stupid shop” They then all gave me a dirty look and walked away. THEN THEY HAD THE AUDACITY TO KICK ME OUT OF THE SHOP! ME!! ALL I DID WAS TELL PEOPLE HOW TO DO THEIR JOB WHICH THEY SHOULD ALREADY KNOW HOW THEY SHOULDVE BEEN THE ONES KICKED OUT AND NOT ME!!😡😡😡 I bet this shop has LOL! Which means lots of lice. NEVER EVER EVER EVER IN YOUR WHOLE LIFE EVER GO TO PRIMARK. IT IS LIKE LIVING HELL!",1,2021-05-13 22:38:07+00:00,Trustpilot,disgusting shop disgraceful hate primark soul despise worst place ever never go primark trust revolting shop full reckless wild teenager kept yelling utterly rude female teenager strange sort orange colour maybe skin condition worst thing place manky sludge floor think someone accident someone done big poo poo floor middle shop one could bothered clean told group worker job clean mess shop someone poo pooed floor responsibility clean get rid dont lose customer although surprised customer attitude stupid shop gave dirty look walked away audacity kick shop tell people job already know shouldve one kicked bet shop lol mean lot louse never ever ever ever whole life ever go primark like living hell
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,My favourite company,"My favourite company! Have been buying from People Tree regularly for at least 12 years. Love the ethos, the fact that they have remained true to their good ethics and morals as they have grown over the years. Very transparent, ethical company. Great clothes, fair trade and organic and friendly staff. Love, love, love People Tree! Customer for life.",5,2021-05-09 23:22:09+00:00,Trustpilot,favourite company buying people tree regularly least year love ethos fact remained true good ethic moral grown year transparent ethical company great clothes fair trade organic friendly staff love love love people tree customer life
Primark,Fast Fashion,Coventry primark very bad customer service,I wouldn’t recommend Coventry primark very bad customer service and poor quality and attitude,1,2021-05-06 19:42:01+00:00,Trustpilot,wouldnt recommend coventry primark bad customer service poor quality attitude
Primark,Fast Fashion,They have no small sizes and favourtism…,They have no small sizes and favourtism fat people and i wouldn’t recommended going.,1,2021-05-03 10:24:44+00:00,Trustpilot,small size favourtism fat people wouldnt recommended going
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,"Outstanding clothing for people with Autistm, sensory and/or allergy sensitivities","I have received two orders over the past 2 months from People Tree. The garments are wonderful! I have Asperger's and people on the spectrum can have great difficulty with clothing because of our sensory sensitivities. Anything from clothing tags, seams, fabric texture, fit, reactions to synthetic materials can all create a high level of discomfort akin to having severe dry itchy skin or a sunburn (strange, I know). People Tree is the first company where I can wear anything and nothing hurts. The garments I've purchased are organic cotton (regular, brushed, and flannel) and Tencel. I look forward to trying their Linen garments as I'm a big fan of flax as an eco-friendly crop. I originally wanted to buy from PT because they stand for ethical slow fashion, human rights, and environmental protection. They care.  But being able to wear clothing that doesn't hurt me is an incredible experience. Thank-you PT for (unintentionally?!) making Autistic friendly garments. On to the shipping experience (amid a pandemic): The first order saw some complications regarding delayed shipping and unanswered emails which led to a lot of frustration and irate emails on my end however it got resolved and as a gesture of goodwill, PT refunded the shipping fee (shipping outside UK).  The second order saw an older item (reiko trousers) out of stock in my size and the shipment didn't go out 'right away' because the CSR wanted to make absolute certain that the trousers were, in fact, out of stock. I appreciated that. It was confirmed they were out of stock and a refund was processed same day.  Highly recommend PT.  They have some hiccups, for sure, but they're human beings open to constructive feedback and, well, Rome wasn't built in a day.",5,2021-04-12 11:18:32+00:00,Trustpilot,received two order past month people tree garment wonderful aspergers people spectrum great difficulty clothing sensory sensitivity anything clothing tag seam fabric texture fit reaction synthetic material create high level discomfort akin severe dry itchy skin sunburn strange know people tree first company wear anything nothing hurt garment ive purchased organic cotton regular brushed flannel tencel look forward trying linen garment im big fan flax ecofriendly crop originally wanted buy pt stand ethical slow fashion human right environmental protection care able wear clothing doesnt hurt incredible experience thankyou pt unintentionally making autistic friendly garment shipping experience amid pandemic first order saw complication regarding delayed shipping unanswered email led lot frustration irate email end however got resolved gesture goodwill pt refunded shipping fee shipping outside uk second order saw older item reiko trouser stock size shipment didnt go right away csr wanted make absolute certain trouser fact stock appreciated confirmed stock refund processed day highly recommend pt hiccup sure theyre human being open constructive feedback well rome wasnt built day
Primark,Fast Fashion,Potentially one of the best shop for young families,"Everybody working in Primark is super polite and helpful, now stores are not as before covid, but when everything will go back to normality I will for sure purchase more candles, sportwear and loungewear. But how can such a big, family oriented and well known company has such a toxic smelly poor quality shoes and bag sections?With all the cheap and good quality European factories willing to partner with Primark they choose the worst Asian quality possible???Their quality managers should start considering reducing transcontinental import creating useless tons of pollution .",2,2021-03-07 14:24:42+00:00,Trustpilot,everybody working primark super polite helpful store covid everything go back normality sure purchase candle sportwear loungewear big family oriented well known company toxic smelly poor quality shoe bag sectionswith cheap good quality european factory willing partner primark choose worst asian quality possibletheir quality manager start considering reducing transcontinental import creating useless ton pollution
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,A pleasant experience. Thank you.,People tree always has very comfortable and ethical clothing and are mindful of how the process of production impacts our earth our home. Recently I asked about getting a refund on an item that did not fit me and they were very patient with me and everything was explained well about what I can do. I appreciate the whole process of how all the items are made so consciously and the amazing work being done in other countries.,5,2021-02-14 04:31:28+00:00,Trustpilot,people tree always comfortable ethical clothing mindful process production impact earth home recently asked getting refund item fit patient everything explained well appreciate whole process item made consciously amazing work done country
Primark,Fast Fashion,Extremely helpful and kind staff,"Extremely helpful and kind staff, they are so  positive and caring. Excellent value for money and good choices. I love you primark!",5,2021-02-04 11:37:32+00:00,Trustpilot,extremely helpful kind staff positive caring excellent value money good choice love primark
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Quick to respond to emails and to refund returns,"I ordered a pair of trousers from People Tree that were the wrong size and which I ended up having to return. I had a discount code for my first purchase and as People Tree don't do exchanges I had to pay full price for my new order. However, I contacted People Tree about this and they quickly replied and refunded me the difference. When my orders arrived I found the trousers to be wrapped in plastic which was a little disappointing as one of the main reasons that I chose People Tree is because of their environmental and fairtrade ethos. However, when I queried this I was assured that the plastic is indeed recyclable. I suggest that People Tree make this clearer as no doubt this question has, and will continue to be raised many times and without symbols on the bags, how are we to know? When I read the reviews of this company on Trust Pilot after making my orders I was a little worried as it seems like a lot of people have had problems with returns making it back into their bank accounts. However, my return was quick, as was the communication and my trousers are excellent quality that are clearly made to last. I will definitely reorder from People Tree.",4,2021-02-01 17:09:39+00:00,Trustpilot,ordered pair trouser people tree wrong size ended return discount code first purchase people tree dont exchange pay full price new order however contacted people tree quickly replied refunded difference order arrived found trouser wrapped plastic little disappointing one main reason chose people tree environmental fairtrade ethos however queried assured plastic indeed recyclable suggest people tree make clearer doubt question continue raised many time without symbol bag know read review company trust pilot making order little worried seems like lot people problem return making back bank account however return quick communication trouser excellent quality clearly made last definitely reorder people tree
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,"PeopleTree - great designs, great mission, great customer service","I love PeopleTree. I try to shop with only ethical and sustainable clothing companies, and they have such a great mission and I really like their range of clothing so they're perfect. All orders are sent in sturdy paper bags (although clothes are supplied in plastic bags within this, which is a shame). Their refund process is as robust as any other company and customer service is excellent. My one minor gripe is lack of alternative sizing - I need a longer leg length in trousers which they don't currently do - but I've been in touch with them and they said they're considering this in future.",5,2021-01-06 11:33:26+00:00,Trustpilot,love peopletree try shop ethical sustainable clothing company great mission really like range clothing theyre perfect order sent sturdy paper bag although clothes supplied plastic bag within shame refund process robust company customer service excellent one minor gripe lack alternative sizing need longer leg length trouser dont currently ive touch said theyre considering future
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Love the Heather slim fit jeans…,"I bought the heather slim fit jeans size 12, which arrived within 2 days. These are like magic jeans for me! I absolutely love the fit, quality and dark denim colour. I (almost) haven’t taken them off since they arrived. Well done to the design and sourcing teams and the workers at Sarp Jeans. I’ll definitely be back for another pair.",5,2020-12-08 17:01:34+00:00,Trustpilot,bought heather slim fit jean size arrived within day like magic jean absolutely love fit quality dark denim colour almost havent taken since arrived well done design sourcing team worker sarp jean ill definitely back another pair
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Good Experience,"I read the reviews and was a little anxious, as I had already ordered. But there was no trouble! It arrived quickly, the jumpsuit I ordered was beautifully made, and customer service responded to me immediately when I thought I had an issue. I just didnt get an email with the tracking number - that's why I emailed them. But overall I am satisfied!",4,2020-11-15 15:10:29+00:00,Trustpilot,read review little anxious already ordered trouble arrived quickly jumpsuit ordered beautifully made customer service responded immediately thought issue didnt get email tracking number thats emailed overall satisfied
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Great customer service and high quality…,Great customer service and high quality clothes!,5,2020-10-28 13:45:53+00:00,Trustpilot,great customer service high quality clothes
Primark,Fast Fashion,i absolutely love primark whenever i go…,"i absolutely love primark whenever i go i can find what im looking for. the staff there are really nice to. however i feel as if primark should start doing pjamas and hoodies that teenagers would definitley buy such as vampire diaries, the originals and more tv shows.",4,2020-09-26 10:37:58+00:00,Trustpilot,absolutely love primark whenever go find im looking staff really nice however feel primark start pjamas hoodies teenager would definitley buy vampire diary original tv show
Primark,Fast Fashion,It’s ok but can do better,So when I go to primark I like to get pajamas but I really like getting the Disney pajamas because they have great designs but they do be pricey. Primark if you are reading this hi I want to give you some ideas for pajamas you should do some vampire diaries pajamas because I would definitely buy them thank youuuuuu,4,2020-09-02 11:56:44+00:00,Trustpilot,go primark like get pajama really like getting disney pajama great design pricey primark reading hi want give idea pajama vampire diary pajama would definitely buy thank youuuuuu
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,So kind!,After a few issues along the way the staff are so kind and have been wonderful at fixing everything. Thank you people tree,5,2020-08-17 20:28:25+00:00,Trustpilot,issue along way staff kind wonderful fixing everything thank people tree
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Great clothes and protecting their employees,"Recently bought a People Tree cotton jumpsuit at a shop selling range of ethical clothes and loved it, so when I needed underwear and smart casual tops I had a look online at people tree. I'm trying to avoid buying fast fashion, to protect both workers and environment. Most fit well and looked great and I'm really happy with them. Some didn't fit or didn't like style, but all great quality, so returned part of order. There was a delay in the return being processed, which was completely understandable due to covid, but then very simple process and an apology for the delay received. If anything, I appreciate the delay as it suggests that the warehouse is maintaining social distancing and they are protecting their employees. Thank you, People Tree",5,2020-07-26 15:17:32+00:00,Trustpilot,recently bought people tree cotton jumpsuit shop selling range ethical clothes loved needed underwear smart casual top look online people tree im trying avoid buying fast fashion protect worker environment fit well looked great im really happy didnt fit didnt like style great quality returned part order delay return processed completely understandable due covid simple process apology delay received anything appreciate delay suggests warehouse maintaining social distancing protecting employee thank people tree
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,I purchased a tunic from People Tree…,I purchased a tunic from People Tree 5years ago and it is still in fantastic condition! I wear it regularly and have done throughout the 5 years. The colour is just as vibrant as it was when I got it (teal) and the shape and fit are exactly the same. The organic cotton fabric is soft and feel great. I hope to get another 5 years at least out of it. Thank you People Tree,5,2020-07-18 12:07:43+00:00,Trustpilot,purchased tunic people tree year ago still fantastic condition wear regularly done throughout year colour vibrant got teal shape fit exactly organic cotton fabric soft feel great hope get another year least thank people tree
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Disappointed,I posted my return on 1st June and I heard nothing so I emailed People Tree on 2nd July and have still had no response from them. I am disappointed that no one has bothered to reply to let me know what is happening with my refund.,1,2020-07-08 20:10:33+00:00,Trustpilot,posted return st june heard nothing emailed people tree nd july still response disappointed one bothered reply let know happening refund
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,I'm hooked,"Shipping was fast and the quality of the clothes is excellent! I would never have paid 65 pounds for a demin skirt but after trying it on and seeing how good it looks with all my other clothes I'm hooked! Will definitely be buying from them again! Items I received are so well made and look so good, I'm sure I will be able to enjoy them for many years to come",5,2020-07-03 12:55:38+00:00,Trustpilot,shipping fast quality clothes excellent would never paid pound demin skirt trying seeing good look clothes im hooked definitely buying item received well made look good im sure able enjoy many year come
Primark,Fast Fashion,Super awesome but don’t deliver,Love primark so much! The only MASSIVE downside is that they don’t deliver and since I don’t live in a city with a primark I’ve always got to travel to go shopping there so can’t shop as often as I’d like to! The range of clothes is awesome and they always have something to suit my style whenever I shop there.,4,2020-05-20 14:01:36+00:00,Trustpilot,love primark much massive downside dont deliver since dont live city primark ive always got travel go shopping cant shop often id like range clothes awesome always something suit style whenever shop
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Excellent customer service,"The whole ordering process was super simple and I received my items much quicker than expected! Unfortunately, there is no exchange option, which means if you need to order another size, you have to put in a new order entirely. However, customer service has been excellent and super fast to reimburse me the discount from my original order for the new order!",4,2020-05-14 11:19:50+00:00,Trustpilot,whole ordering process super simple received item much quicker expected unfortunately exchange option mean need order another size put new order entirely however customer service excellent super fast reimburse discount original order new order
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,"Love the products, great experience","Great experience, I ordered from mainland europe and was expecting a much longer wait time due to COVID-19, however my parcel arrived in just over a week! This was a great surprise, as I've had horrible experiences with other companies. Also, I love the products and will be ordering more soon. I really enjoy what the brand stands for, and intend to become a long-term customer. Very happy I decided to give ordering a shot and will definitely be returning:)",5,2020-05-12 17:31:16+00:00,Trustpilot,great experience ordered mainland europe expecting much longer wait time due covid however parcel arrived week great surprise ive horrible experience company also love product ordering soon really enjoy brand stand intend become longterm customer happy decided give ordering shot definitely returning
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,I ordered two dresses from People Tree,"I ordered two dresses from People Tree, I don't often do online shopping but I wanted to try and support this supplier due its ethical background. I was worried about how my order was progressing and emailed the company and received a prompt and polite reply. A few days after, my dresses arrived, I was so impressed at the quality of them, the fabric is amazing! I am really glad I ordered these and look forward to wearing them at some point soon. The size was a little on the generous side but I personally prefer that. Thank you for the service, I would be happy to place an order in the future.",5,2020-04-26 20:08:07+00:00,Trustpilot,ordered two dress people tree dont often online shopping wanted try support supplier due ethical background worried order progressing emailed company received prompt polite reply day dress arrived impressed quality fabric amazing really glad ordered look forward wearing point soon size little generous side personally prefer thank service would happy place order future
Primark,Fast Fashion,Always a nice shopping,"I have been visiting shops in Belgium, Italy, and UK and I am always happy with what I buy from them. They have so many choices and I love the whole Disney line. I have been decoring my bedroom and studio with their home decor dep. when I relocated back from Mexico in November and I will keep on buying from Primark.",5,2020-03-16 16:25:02+00:00,Trustpilot,visiting shop belgium italy uk always happy buy many choice love whole disney line decoring bedroom studio home decor dep relocated back mexico november keep buying primark
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,I bought a dress for my wife that she…,"I bought a dress for my wife that she loved, thank you people tree for helping with updates on this order as it was my first time shopping here. I spoke to a really great customer assistant who helped me place the order, good for new online shoppers.",5,2020-02-13 20:47:38+00:00,Trustpilot,bought dress wife loved thank people tree helping update order first time shopping spoke really great customer assistant helped place order good new online shopper
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,I love my new dressing gown,"I love my new dressing gown, which is so soft - I always choose organic cotton as I know this is the best choice for my skin and the environment.  I don't buy a lot of clothes but when I do People Tree is always my go-to brand. I also ordered some twill navy trousers but unfortunately they were a bit too tight on the waist - less biscuits for me!  I was really disappointed as I loved them.  I returned them and was promptly refunded.",5,2020-02-13 10:38:39+00:00,Trustpilot,love new dressing gown soft always choose organic cotton know best choice skin environment dont buy lot clothes people tree always goto brand also ordered twill navy trouser unfortunately bit tight waist less biscuit really disappointed loved returned promptly refunded
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,I always find the clothes I order are…great customer service,I always find the clothes I order are excellent quality though it would be useful to have reviews on their website and clearer pictures at time describing if for example there are pockets etc I was recently charged postage but on telephoning it was immediately refunded. The customer services lady was great,5,2019-11-27 13:51:36+00:00,Trustpilot,always find clothes order excellent quality though would useful review website clearer picture time describing example pocket etc recently charged postage telephoning immediately refunded customer service lady great
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Excellent costumer service and grear…,Excellent costumer service and grear clothing!,5,2019-11-18 17:32:51+00:00,Trustpilot,excellent costumer service grear clothing
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,I'd got Chandre Trousers once in 2018…,"I'd got Chandre Trousers once in 2018 and loved them so much that I ordered year later another pair (and tons of t-shirts) but in a smaller size :) The quality is superb plus considering that I never wash my clothes exactly like they are supposed to be washed and I never flat-dry them, they still look veeery good and keep the shape! Also, I enjoy the dress from the sale which is my favorite, hassle-free outfit. Thank you for making such great, sustainable clothes. I am allergic to almost every single piece of clothes from regular shops and thanks to you, I can now travel, work and enjoy life comfortably, especially in sunny countries where air circulation of the fabric is very important :) I never supposed that the organic cotton and tencel can make such a difference! I feel lucky I found you. All the best to all People Tree team!",5,2019-10-20 15:22:07+00:00,Trustpilot,id got chandre trouser loved much ordered year later another pair ton tshirts smaller size quality superb plus considering never wash clothes exactly like supposed washed never flatdry still look veeery good keep shape also enjoy dress sale favorite hasslefree outfit thank making great sustainable clothes allergic almost every single piece clothes regular shop thanks travel work enjoy life comfortably especially sunny country air circulation fabric important never supposed organic cotton tencel make difference feel lucky found best people tree team
Primark,Fast Fashion,my first time at the store and my last…,my first time at the store and my last at the freehold mall nj  worst check out and return line ever waited 15 minutes lots of people on line two people at cashier and this was at 1030 am not a holiday either,1,2019-09-19 20:57:12+00:00,Trustpilot,first time store last freehold mall nj worst check return line ever waited minute lot people line two people cashier holiday either
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Efficiency at its best!,"Peopletree have always been very efficient and will remedy a problem as soon as possible, even when reimbursement of money is involved.",5,2019-09-06 08:57:35+00:00,Trustpilot,peopletree always efficient remedy problem soon possible even reimbursement money involved
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Very good service.I Received order…,Very good service.I Received order quickly and was very pleased with what I ordered.,5,2019-09-05 23:55:57+00:00,Trustpilot,good servicei received order quickly pleased ordered
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Great company with wonderful products…,Great company with wonderful products and excellent customer experience.,5,2019-08-29 17:41:45+00:00,Trustpilot,great company wonderful product excellent customer experience
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Excellent customer service Anna was…Caroline McConnachie,Excellent customer service Anna was really great and helpful,5,2019-07-01 13:02:00+00:00,Trustpilot,excellent customer service anna really great helpful
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Gemma was amazing,"Gemma was amazing, follow my during 2 days untill she solve my problem. Amazing",5,2019-06-19 16:41:20+00:00,Trustpilot,gemma amazing follow day untill solve problem amazing
Primark,Fast Fashion,My review is about return policy,"My review is about return policy. There are few, if any, stores in NY that only have a 28 day return policy. At the very least the return window is 30 days. Being used to that policy, I went to Primark to return something at the 30 day mark....two days late. The cashier told me she could not help me; that the policy is a strict 28 days. I could not get my money back for the items that fit no one, nor could I even exchange them for some other merchandise. After I returned home, I called the store manager and spoke to the one on duty at that time. She said they do make exceptions for a day or two, so she told me I could come back the same day and she would help me. I am a senior citizen, had just recently gotten home from the store and really did not feel able to go out again. I told her I could come back in the morning, but she said she would only allow the refund til end of day. So even though I am tired out, I have to get myself back to the store; spend more money to get there and more time. Their return policy is narrower than any other and I will not be shopping for anyone in that store again.",2,2019-06-06 21:11:36+00:00,Trustpilot,review return policy store ny day return policy least return window day used policy went primark return something day marktwo day late cashier told could help policy strict day could get money back item fit one could even exchange merchandise returned home called store manager spoke one duty time said make exception day two told could come back day would help senior citizen recently gotten home store really feel able go told could come back morning said would allow refund til end day even though tired get back store spend money get time return policy narrower shopping anyone store
Primark,Fast Fashion,Low quality clothes..,"Only upside to primark is being cheap, but apart from that, the clothes are poor quality and the stores are always packed to the brim.",2,2019-05-01 11:52:21+00:00,Trustpilot,upside primark cheap apart clothes poor quality store always packed brim
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Beautiful ethical clothes,"Beautiful ethical clothes. Thrilled with the Marietta trousers I bought, great cut and design. Excellent quality and delivered swiftly in environmentally friendly packaging too. Perfect on every front. Excellent customer service too, when I had a query it was dealt with immediately. I highly recommend this company.",5,2019-02-18 11:49:33+00:00,Trustpilot,beautiful ethical clothes thrilled marietta trouser bought great cut design excellent quality delivered swiftly environmentally friendly packaging perfect every front excellent customer service query dealt immediately highly recommend company
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,I have loved all my People Tree…,"I have loved all my People Tree purchases (various cotton short and long-sleeved tops and my favourite V&A dress, which has received lots of compliments every time I wear it! I like to buy from companies who are ethical and really care about the people who make their clothes, so People Tree is one of my favourites,  Plus they always have plenty of navy which is my go-to base colour.",5,2019-02-18 11:34:52+00:00,Trustpilot,loved people tree purchase various cotton short longsleeved top favourite va dress received lot compliment every time wear like buy company ethical really care people make clothes people tree one favourite plus always plenty navy goto base colour
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Very good,"Very good, I love their products overall! Great quality fabric, quick and free delivery, good customer service. The only thing is that the sizes/fit are not always consistent but since the returns are free then there's no risk ordering. I love buying new pieces every season!",4,2019-02-11 09:07:48+00:00,Trustpilot,good love product overall great quality fabric quick free delivery good customer service thing sizesfit always consistent since return free there risk ordering love buying new piece every season
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Poor quality Fisherman's Sweater,"I have always been quite pleased with my previous purchases from People Tree however I was very disappointed with my latest purchase, a Fishermans Jumper in Raspberry. When it first arrived I thought it looked pretty good but even after just the first wear I noticed that pilling was beginning already. Three weeks and about 5 wears later the whole jumper is baggy, misshapen and the pilling is excessive to say the least. I have dozens of pieces of knitwear, including many that were priced at a point below this jumper, and not one of them is pilling as badly as this one. When I contacted People Tree they gave me a standard patronising lecture about pilling being a natural phenomenon and that I could reshape it by washing etc. etc. and that was it. People Tree, I know exactly what piling is and what causes but on a £129 jumper (sale price!) I would have expected something much much better. It isn't even one month old! I certainly won't be buying from you again.",2,2019-01-25 15:52:36+00:00,Trustpilot,always quite pleased previous purchase people tree however disappointed latest purchase fisherman jumper raspberry first arrived thought looked pretty good even first wear noticed pilling beginning already three week wear later whole jumper baggy misshapen pilling excessive say least dozen piece knitwear including many priced point jumper one pilling badly one contacted people tree gave standard patronising lecture pilling natural phenomenon could reshape washing etc etc people tree know exactly piling cause jumper sale price would expected something much much better isnt even one month old certainly wont buying
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Valentina bouquet top,"Quick delivery, environmental packaging.  Lovely blouse, nice design and fabric. Another great piece from People tree",5,2019-01-17 17:21:11+00:00,Trustpilot,quick delivery environmental packaging lovely blouse nice design fabric another great piece people tree
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,I love people tree clothing but there's too much plastic packaging,"I love people tree clothing they are so comfy with great prints. The sizing can be a bit tricky to get right, I wish they did a petit range for shorties like me. It's also a shame about all the plastic packaging!",4,2019-01-16 23:18:30+00:00,Trustpilot,love people tree clothing comfy great print sizing bit tricky get right wish petit range shorties like also shame plastic packaging
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Great service and excellent products,Great service and excellent products. I buy the majority of my clothes from here and had no problems with the quality of clothes or service. Highly recommend.,5,2019-01-16 20:30:53+00:00,Trustpilot,great service excellent product buy majority clothes problem quality clothes service highly recommend
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Generally Happy with Service and Product,"I buy around 80% of my clothes from PeopleTree and have done for some years now as they are the most ethical retailer I can find with fashionable clothes. For the most part I am happy with the customer service and products, I have some items that I love. I have sent them queries more than once though not related to specific purchases and got no reply which i think is very poor. Not sure if they just didn't have the information or were not happy to answer the question. I would have expected at least a response saying they did not have any information or had not any response at this time. Anything would have been polite. Since I am buying from them based on the company ethos I think it is reasonable to ask questions about it.",4,2019-01-16 20:08:50+00:00,Trustpilot,buy around clothes peopletree done year ethical retailer find fashionable clothes part happy customer service product item love sent query though related specific purchase got reply think poor sure didnt information happy answer question would expected least response saying information response time anything would polite since buying based company ethos think reasonable ask question
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Ordered some items and I returned them…,"Ordered some items and I returned them as they were too big.  I loved two of the items so I reordered them in a size smaller.  Everything arrived on time etc however after I had taken the tag off one of the dresses I realised that they had not sent me the size I had ordered but a size even smaller.  It does fit which is why I took off the tag but they still made this error and I think I would have preferred the size up. Unfortunately the parcel I initially returned appears to have gone astray with People Tree (as Royal Mail has confirmed delivery) and I have not yet been refunded.  However, I hope this will be resolved soon.",3,2019-01-16 16:05:14+00:00,Trustpilot,ordered item returned big loved two item reordered size smaller everything arrived time etc however taken tag one dress realised sent size ordered size even smaller fit took tag still made error think would preferred size unfortunately parcel initially returned appears gone astray people tree royal mail confirmed delivery yet refunded however hope resolved soon
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Love People Tree!,"Just received 2 pairs of trousers from PT, they are a perfect fit and beautiful fabric. Arrived with the post man so no extra van on the road. Excellent, Thankyou. Sophie",5,2019-01-16 12:39:41+00:00,Trustpilot,received pair trouser pt perfect fit beautiful fabric arrived post man extra van road excellent thankyou sophie
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Wonderful dress,Wonderful dress and a very fast shipping ! Thanks a lot ! :-)),5,2019-01-16 11:56:04+00:00,Trustpilot,wonderful dress fast shipping thanks lot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,I love People Tree,"I love People Tree, they are the most beautiful clothes at good prices, especially given that most of the clothes are handmade. After wearing PT clothes I found high street clothes feel cheap and nasty - scratchy synthetic fabrics, probably made in factories in not great conditions, and if an item is ridiculously cheap, you know someone else is paying the price. PT excel on prints, embroidery, woven fabrics, the hand-knitted jumpers. I've been buying PT for years, and the first items I bought way back when are still going strong. This is gorgeous fashion without pain for others and destruction of the environment. Thank you!",5,2019-01-16 10:30:10+00:00,Trustpilot,love people tree beautiful clothes good price especially given clothes handmade wearing pt clothes found high street clothes feel cheap nasty scratchy synthetic fabric probably made factory great condition item ridiculously cheap know someone else paying price pt excel print embroidery woven fabric handknitted jumper ive buying pt year first item bought way back still going strong gorgeous fashion without pain others destruction environment thank
Primark,Fast Fashion,Very nice clothes for the amount they…,Very nice clothes for the amount they cost awsome for gifts!,4,2019-01-16 00:25:05+00:00,Trustpilot,nice clothes amount cost awsome gift
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Love the ethos of the brand,"Love the ethos of the brand. I've ordered a few things in the past that didn't fit well and had to send back, sadly. Hope they improve fit in future because the fabrics and designs are great.",5,2019-01-14 18:06:39+00:00,Trustpilot,love ethos brand ive ordered thing past didnt fit well send back sadly hope improve fit future fabric design great
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Poor customer service lets down great ethos and design,"I ordered an item (as a present for Christmas) and the money was taken from my credit card. However, I received an email informing me that they had a stock error and couldn't send the item to me. I was refunded my money and I appreciate that. Other than a sorry I received nothing though. I expressed my disappointment and asked if they knew if a stockist still had the item. I was given a link to a list of stockist. The list is not hyperlinked so I found myself googling every single company to search for the item on their website, which took forever. Unfortunately, there is no indication of companies that have an online shop so I had to figure out myself if the company sold anything on their website. A tedious process and I eventually realised that the list was not complete and that this took far too long. I gave up at that point without the present I hoped for. Next, I got in touch with peopletree and kindly asked if they could keep an eye out for the item in case of a return after Christmas but I was informed that they don't offer that service. Again, disappointing. Overall, I'm a bit shocked by this poor customer service and I think it doesn't go with the company's image nor with the price range they work in. Bearing in mind that I didn't receive the item in the first place was due to an error on their behalf, I can't think of another retailer that let me down like that. Call me old fashioned but I am rather disappointed by their customer service which is a shame as I love(d) their approach and designs.",2,2018-12-31 11:12:52+00:00,Trustpilot,ordered item present christmas money taken credit card however received email informing stock error couldnt send item refunded money appreciate sorry received nothing though expressed disappointment asked knew stockist still item given link list stockist list hyperlinked found googling every single company search item website took forever unfortunately indication company online shop figure company sold anything website tedious process eventually realised list complete took far long gave point without present hoped next got touch peopletree kindly asked could keep eye item case return christmas informed dont offer service disappointing overall im bit shocked poor customer service think doesnt go company image price range work bearing mind didnt receive item first place due error behalf cant think another retailer let like call old fashioned rather disappointed customer service shame loved approach design
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,"Please, make a smaller size!","Great company, love the quality and many of the styles they do. Customer service has also been great for me! I have made a mistake in my order, let them know and they have changed it almost immediately. One thing I really wish they did is to make and offer a size smaller than 8, especially for bottoms and dresses. I am a size 6 and cannot wear their skirts without alterations, and dresses don't fit around the waist.",4,2018-12-03 12:22:01+00:00,Trustpilot,great company love quality many style customer service also great made mistake order let know changed almost immediately one thing really wish make offer size smaller especially bottom dress size wear skirt without alteration dress dont fit around waist
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,I love this ethical brand company,"I love this ethical brand company. I have a few shirt dresses, a beautiful long dress and a pair of trousers by People Tree. They care about every detail, from the beginning to the end of the design and making stage.",5,2018-11-21 09:59:03+00:00,Trustpilot,love ethical brand company shirt dress beautiful long dress pair trouser people tree care every detail beginning end design making stage
Primark,Fast Fashion,Low quality clothes,"Primark is only cheap because their clothes are also low quality. It's good for cheap emergency buys but apart from that, just stick to actual brands..",2,2018-11-21 02:08:23+00:00,Trustpilot,primark cheap clothes also low quality good cheap emergency buy apart stick actual brand
Primark,Fast Fashion,Low quality to match the low price...,Stay away from Primark unless you want to waste your money...the clothes are so low quality that they will rip instantly after a bit of use. Buy some quality clothes somewhere else...,2,2018-11-19 14:39:15+00:00,Trustpilot,stay away primark unless want waste moneythe clothes low quality rip instantly bit use buy quality clothes somewhere else
Primark,Fast Fashion,"Low price, low quality","The price:quality ratio at Primark is exactly 1:1, you buy low quality clothes for cheap. Should really work on improving the quality and slightly increasing prices...",3,2018-11-12 12:19:49+00:00,Trustpilot,pricequality ratio primark exactly buy low quality clothes cheap really work improving quality slightly increasing price
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Great ethical company,"Great ethical company. I love the tags supplied with most of the items, telling of the items origins and artisan makers. The textiles (especially the handwoven) are of wonderful quality - soft and free of the typical ""chemical"" notes you might experience in clothes from the high street. Never had any issues with deliveries being late or going missing. Once, however, my partner received a shirt with a button that seemed to have been crushed in transit, but Customer Service was very helpful in resolving the issue. Back in the days when the site offered male clothing, my partner bought most of his clothes from peopletree. He's really missing the soft peopletree shirts. Hopefully, they'll be made available again someday.",5,2018-11-07 16:40:35+00:00,Trustpilot,great ethical company love tag supplied item telling item origin artisan maker textile especially handwoven wonderful quality soft free typical chemical note might experience clothes high street never issue delivery late going missing however partner received shirt button seemed crushed transit customer service helpful resolving issue back day site offered male clothing partner bought clothes peopletree he really missing soft peopletree shirt hopefully theyll made available someday
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Refund delay,"Good products with prompt despatch but have now waited nearly 3 weeks for a refund despite proof the item has been received. Telephone customer service line has very limited hours and there is no response to my email. Would advise not to order from them until they improve the process, or you are sure you will not need to return an item.",2,2018-10-16 17:34:11+00:00,Trustpilot,good product prompt despatch waited nearly week refund despite proof item received telephone customer service line limited hour response email would advise order improve process sure need return item
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Stock issues,"Like their clothes and their ethics but they have stock issues. Small and 8-10 are regularly sold out. I managed to find a cardigan I liked available in small, ordered it along with a few other pieces. The other pieces arrived but I was emailed to be told the cardigan was out of stock when my other things had already been delivered.",3,2018-09-20 10:27:32+00:00,Trustpilot,like clothes ethic stock issue small regularly sold managed find cardigan liked available small ordered along piece piece arrived emailed told cardigan stock thing already delivered
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,No customer service at all,"I ordered the first time from People Tree. 3 Pieces worth about 180€. The clothes are made and designed really well! But unfortunately they did not fit properly, so I did send them back (from Germany with shipping costs about 18€!). I'm still waiting for my refund...I wrote People Tree 4 e-mails - the first 2 did not get through, because apparently their e-mail-mailbox was full (seriously?!)! So I made a screenshot and wrote them via Instagram - didn't get a response either. They did not even read it for days! Seems like they made some space in their mailbox now, because my last two mails got through. But I'm still waiting for a response and my refund! The company seems not to care about customer service at all? The person rating in January seemed to have the same problems!",1,2018-07-29 11:52:44+00:00,Trustpilot,ordered first time people tree piece worth clothes made designed really well unfortunately fit properly send back germany shipping cost im still waiting refundi wrote people tree email first get apparently emailmailbox full seriously made screenshot wrote via instagram didnt get response either even read day seems like made space mailbox last two mail got im still waiting response refund company seems care customer service person rating january seemed problem
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,problems with delivery,the second time I've ordered something and the second time there's been a problem with delivery. I ordered items on special delivery but they were not dispatched until the day after they were supposed to be received. Not acceptable!,3,2018-07-04 15:46:27+00:00,Trustpilot,second time ive ordered something second time there problem delivery ordered item special delivery dispatched day supposed received acceptable
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Would buy more often if there was more black,"I’ve bought several items over the years and even supported a crowdfunder. Like the ethics. Clothes are of good quality and last. Just wish there was more choice for those of us that live in black (maybe stretch to grey or other dark, rich colours).",5,2018-06-10 17:21:16+00:00,Trustpilot,ive bought several item year even supported crowdfunder like ethic clothes good quality last wish choice u live black maybe stretch grey dark rich colour
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,"Great clothes, great ethics",Love the values of People Tree and the clothes are always such high quality. I know when I buy clothes from here I am buying them with a clear conscience.,5,2018-04-06 13:01:13+00:00,Trustpilot,love value people tree clothes always high quality know buy clothes buying clear conscience
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,"Beautiful, ethically sound, high quality - the best!","Not only are the designs beautiful, every piece of People Tree clothing I own has lasted - years! The cotton is exceptional in quality and washes really well. All of this and an ethically sound ethos make PT my go-to. The attention to detail is wonderful and even their packaging is delightful. The best!",5,2018-04-06 08:17:29+00:00,Trustpilot,design beautiful every piece people tree clothing lasted year cotton exceptional quality wash really well ethically sound ethos make pt goto attention detail wonderful even packaging delightful best
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Proud wearer of People Tree clothing,Knowing that when I buy People Tree I am making a sustainable fair choice with clothes that will last the distance makes me proud.,5,2018-04-06 06:53:13+00:00,Trustpilot,knowing buy people tree making sustainable fair choice clothes last distance make proud
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Very nice products and excellent…,Very nice products and excellent customer service. A pleasure to shop with.,5,2018-04-04 17:03:51+00:00,Trustpilot,nice product excellent customer service pleasure shop
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Great quality - a big recommendation,Great quality and ethics! I love this brand because it’s very easy to shop there. The service is nice and helpfully. I recommend people tree a lot!,4,2018-02-14 14:55:18+00:00,Trustpilot,great quality ethic love brand easy shop service nice helpfully recommend people tree lot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,"Great for quality, style and values","I have been buying Peopletree for several years now, and have about half a dozen of their things, mostly dresses. Their clothes fit well, wear well and are a staple of my wardrobe. Peopletree’s ethical credentials are great, but I don’t feel I have compromised on style. Their pieces are very wearable, and just a bit different which keeps me coming back.",5,2018-02-12 22:58:57+00:00,Trustpilot,buying peopletree several year half dozen thing mostly dress clothes fit well wear well staple wardrobe peopletrees ethical credential great dont feel compromised style piece wearable bit different keep coming back
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,People Tree - Good quality,"I've a lot of items from People Tree. Every time there has been any kind of problem, they have solved it nicely. Very kind and excellent customer service. Good quality as well! :)",5,2018-02-12 19:28:08+00:00,Trustpilot,ive lot item people tree every time kind problem solved nicely kind excellent customer service good quality well
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Thank you Peopletree!,"I have always had a great experience with Peopletree when ordering online and visiting the sample store days. I recently purchased the Sasha trousers and they are a great fit,  beautifully made and a company with a commendable ethos.  Thank you Peopletree!",5,2018-02-12 17:06:44+00:00,Trustpilot,always great experience peopletree ordering online visiting sample store day recently purchased sasha trouser great fit beautifully made company commendable ethos thank peopletree
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,"Good quality, style and ethics","Good quality, style and ethics. Nice organic cotton and easy to shop/help from customer service. The Hollis jacket is great and the photos didn’t show it off in my view. It' s design, fit, comfort are all just right and reminds me of my Dad’s corduroy trousers, so a nice childhood memory. Thank you People Tree!",5,2018-02-10 11:34:25+00:00,Trustpilot,good quality style ethic nice organic cotton easy shophelp customer service hollis jacket great photo didnt show view design fit comfort right reminds dad corduroy trouser nice childhood memory thank people tree
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Excellent,Can not recommend People Tree highly enough. Beautiful clothes and accessories that you can buy guilt free as well as simple to use website.,5,2018-02-02 15:03:53+00:00,Trustpilot,recommend people tree highly enough beautiful clothes accessory buy guilt free well simple use website
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Excellent quality fashion & ethical brand,"Fantastic service, great quality, excellent fashion choices & super ethical brand. Most of my wardrobe is people tree! Five stars.",5,2018-01-31 20:58:45+00:00,Trustpilot,fantastic service great quality excellent fashion choice super ethical brand wardrobe people tree five star
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,i would highly recommend people tree,"i would highly recommend people tree, i was so happy with my purchases, quality material and a speedy delivery, will definitely be shopping with them again.",5,2018-01-31 20:18:01+00:00,Trustpilot,would highly recommend people tree happy purchase quality material speedy delivery definitely shopping
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Lovely ethical clothes,"Lovely clothes, excellent quality fabrics and manufacture, and high ethical standards. My experience of customer services both by phone and email has been friendly and efficient.",5,2018-01-30 16:10:10+00:00,Trustpilot,lovely clothes excellent quality fabric manufacture high ethical standard experience customer service phone email friendly efficient
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Ethical fashion at it's best,Ethical fashion at it's best. Quality garments and amazing customer service.,5,2018-01-16 11:50:39+00:00,Trustpilot,ethical fashion best quality garment amazing customer service
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Stylish,"Stylish, beautiful well made clothes with a conscience. Long lasting and unique. Lots of compliments. A brand I'm proud to wear.",5,2018-01-12 22:56:46+00:00,Trustpilot,stylish beautiful well made clothes conscience long lasting unique lot compliment brand im proud wear
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,I received my packet days late,"I received my packet days late,  it contained a complettely wrong item. I have sent it back in first class post and paid extra money to do so., People tree company hasn t received it after three weeks. I find that hard to believe. Still no refund. Extremely poor customer service. Never using this company again.",1,2017-10-09 17:44:03+00:00,Trustpilot,received packet day late contained complettely wrong item sent back first class post paid extra money people tree company received three week find hard believe still refund extremely poor customer service never using company
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Where's the fair trade for customers?,"Where's the fair trade for customers?! My order never arrived although PT took the money from my account but sent no despatch email. I contacted People Tree and they sent out the order again and I did get this. Thinking it was a one-off I made a second order which did also arrive. However, neither came with despatch emails so had no idea if/when they would be arriving. I returned some items over a week ago but have received no acknowledgement or refund. This is all in the UK, a few miles from the PT office! Clothes returned to a different small retailer at the same time were acknowledged and refunded days ago.",1,2017-09-23 06:54:35+00:00,Trustpilot,wheres fair trade customer order never arrived although pt took money account sent despatch email contacted people tree sent order get thinking oneoff made second order also arrive however neither came despatch email idea ifwhen would arriving returned item week ago received acknowledgement refund uk mile pt office clothes returned different small retailer time acknowledged refunded day ago
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,I have shopped with this company for …,I have shopped with this company for some years.The clothes are good quality and I have had no issues with customer service. I would recommend them for ethical fashion that has fairtrade at its very heart.,5,2017-09-22 15:41:08+00:00,Trustpilot,shopped company yearsthe clothes good quality issue customer service would recommend ethical fashion fairtrade heart
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Perfect,"Perfect! A great first order,it was ok! i live in France, and i received the order quickly! Tout s'est très bien passés, commande conforme, reçue rapidement ( from UK) Produit top, pour une consommation responsable! Support fair trade fashion! Merci people tree, je recommande!",5,2017-07-22 16:12:44+00:00,Trustpilot,perfect great first orderit ok live france received order quickly tout sest trs bien pass commande conforme reue rapidement uk produit top pour une consommation responsable support fair trade fashion merci people tree je recommande
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Definitely recommend.,"Excellent quality and delivered promptly.  I've had a couple of orders, 5 items all together, and they've all been perfect.  The sizes are good to generous so I have had no need to buy multiple sizes.I love that you can buy beautifully designed, well fitting clothes that are ethically sourced and at a comparable price to the high street.",5,2017-06-08 08:17:43+00:00,Trustpilot,excellent quality delivered promptly ive couple order item together theyve perfect size good generous need buy multiple sizesi love buy beautifully designed well fitting clothes ethically sourced comparable price high street
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Perfect!,"Bought 3 dresses on sale for the first time from this website.  Delivered to me in Australia within 2 weeks and were exactly as described.  I love the quality and style of the dresses.  The best part is that they're sustainable fairtrade pieces of high quality and at an entry-level price point. Well done. Highly recommended, I will be buying from Peopletree again!",5,2016-10-07 01:07:08+00:00,Trustpilot,bought dress sale first time website delivered australia within week exactly described love quality style dress best part theyre sustainable fairtrade piece high quality entrylevel price point well done highly recommended buying peopletree
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Don't Use the Online Store,"I purchased clothing online as the website looked legitimate and the clothes are beautiful. I paid extra for express courier delivery which states that it will be sent within 3-6 working days for orders in Europe. However the 6th day has passed already and I have not received my order. I know that things get delayed sometimes, but my gripe with this company is the fact that it seems impossible to get in touch with anyone from Customer Service. The courier delivery requires a signature and I need to be around the house to accept the parcel, but there were no delivery or tracking details sent to me, so I would at least have a rough idea of when I am to expect it. I tried emailing them, for which I received an automated reply letting me know that they take up to 48 hours to reply to emails. I tried calling them, but found myself directed to their voicemail service asking me to leave a message. I am starting to think that maybe this was a scam all along as I have never had any issues with any other UK based companies when using their online stores and delivery services. My advise to anyone outside the UK wanting to shop online at the Peopletree store is; DON'T DO IT! It's unnecessarily stressful and  their customer service is shocking. Companies like this make it difficult for other legitimate fair trade businesses.",1,2016-08-04 13:04:27+00:00,Trustpilot,purchased clothing online website looked legitimate clothes beautiful paid extra express courier delivery state sent within working day order europe however th day passed already received order know thing get delayed sometimes gripe company fact seems impossible get touch anyone customer service courier delivery requires signature need around house accept parcel delivery tracking detail sent would least rough idea expect tried emailing received automated reply letting know take hour reply email tried calling found directed voicemail service asking leave message starting think maybe scam along never issue uk based company using online store delivery service advise anyone outside uk wanting shop online peopletree store dont unnecessarily stressful customer service shocking company like make difficult legitimate fair trade business
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,"Wonderful clothes, organically produced.","I've bought a few things from People Tree over the last six months (mostly in the sales). The clothes are of very high standard and the deliveries always arrive within 2-3 days, with very minimal packaging. I'd thoroughly recommend them as a reasonably priced, ethical shopping destination!",5,2013-01-11 13:43:25+00:00,Trustpilot,ive bought thing people tree last six month mostly sale clothes high standard delivery always arrive within day minimal packaging id thoroughly recommend reasonably priced ethical shopping destination

Brand,Category,Title,Text,Rating,Date,Source
ASOS,Fast Fashion,"Borderline Illegal Scam Company, Avoid at all costs and shop elsewhere","This company is so poor. First they delayed my package shipment by two weeks making me miss the event I needed the clothes for and had to make last minute plans. When I tried to cancel the package (keep in mind it hadn't even shipped yet) they told me there was nothing that could be done. After processing the return, now I am dealing with another hassle with this company as they claim that one of the items I bought was not included in the return. The package wasn't even opened! It went from my mailbox right back to the UPS drop off. Avoid this company at all costs.",1,2026-06-18 01:30:08+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Horrible received damaged items and…,"Horrible received damaged items and return rejected, so now I have not received a refund. Thieves! Poor quality overpriced clothes",1,2026-06-17 22:44:27+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Customer agent was dishonest in dealing…,Customer agent was dishonest in dealing with an exchange and basically told me lies. Tried to raise a concern about this but  just got passed around with promises of a resolution email which never came!,1,2026-06-17 22:39:06+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Boohoo have been really hard to get…,Boohoo have been really hard to get hold of in the past. Would take 3-7 days for a reply via email. I used whats app today and the advisor kai was brilliant and very helpful Thankyou,5,2026-06-17 22:23:29+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,rejected a return wrongfully,"I accidentally ordered an item twice and tried to return one of the duplicates, which had never been tried on. The return was rejected on the grounds that the item had dirt marks - marks I believe came from a previous customer, not me. When I contacted customer service to appeal, they shut the conversation down without giving me a chance to explain. I won't be ordering from them again, which is disappointing after being a loyal customer for over 10 years."" Main fixes: split the run-on opening sentence so the ""ordered it twice"" and ""never tried on"" details land separately, clarified that the rejection happened because of the dirt marks (the original left it ambiguous), and smoothed the ending so the ""10 years"" point lands with more weight.",1,2026-06-17 21:14:18+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Poor Handling of a Manufacturing Defect,"I attempted to make a claim with ASOS for an On product that developed what I believe to be a manufacturing defect. After contacting On directly, I was advised that ASOS, as the retailer, would be responsible for handling the claim. My claim was initially rejected because the item had been worn and was outside the standard returns window. This reasoning makes little sense—how would a manufacturing defect become apparent without the item being worn and used? The situation then became even more frustrating when ASOS returned the item to an address I have not lived at for over seven years. The current occupant understandably refused delivery, and I now have no idea where the item is. I am left without the product and without a refund. Under the Consumer Rights Act, consumers have statutory rights regarding faulty goods that extend beyond a retailer’s standard returns policy. Despite this, ASOS has failed to properly address my claim or provide a satisfactory resolution. I have spent far more time chasing this issue than any customer should reasonably be expected to, and there appears to be little effort from ASOS to resolve the matter. Very disappointing customer service and complaint handling.",1,2026-06-17 21:10:25+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,The same as everyone else. Returns are an absolute scam,The same as everyone else. They don’t send the returns labels then refuse to let you return it even when they’re in fault. Absolute joke! What the hell as happened to ASOS?,1,2026-06-17 19:28:01+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,So disappointed,"I bought the same thing twice and both times they sent me the wrong size So disappointed with this company, never gonna ever buy anything from this place again with customers care online chat really bad never ever gonna be with this company ever again very bad. You shouldn’t buy nothing from this place again I would never ever buy nothing from this company again.",1,2026-06-17 18:47:33+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Kai was extremely helpful Over WhatsApp…,Kai was extremely helpful Over WhatsApp help me within minutes with my enquiry. Thank you,5,2026-06-17 18:04:51+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Never had an issue with boohoo,"Never had an issue with boohoo. Couldn't find my details to refund one item,  helped over chat and made it really quick and simple.",5,2026-06-17 15:12:13+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Used Items Resold as New,"I had my eye on a Ralph Lauren jumper for a while and couldn't find it anywhere else. It finally came back into stock during a sale, so I ordered it straight away. When it arrived, it was covered in pet hair, smelled strongly of aftershave, had no tags attached, had visible marks, and several pulled threads. It clearly did not appear to be in the condition I would expect for a new item. I spent over an hour speaking with customer services and explained that I would be happy to keep the jumper if a partial refund could be offered to reflect its condition, especially as it is now sold out and cannot be replaced. However, I was told the only option was to return it for inspection, and a refund would only be considered if it was deemed to have a manufacturing fault. The most frustrating part is that if I return it and it is simply put back into stock, another customer could end up receiving the same item. Very disappointing experience and not what I would expect when purchasing a premium brand item.",1,2026-06-17 14:56:28+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,The worst experience ever,"The worst experience ever, the quality of clothes - shocking! To return stuff - shocking! Contacted their customer service no response!!!!!!!",1,2026-06-17 14:02:02+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,AVOID,AVOID.  I ordered an denim jumpsuit for my wife 43.71 company Fashionchoi.  The sizing was way off and too big.  I returned the item and they said they had sent the refund but it never arrived in my account.  When contacted all they say is that its been sent.  I still have not received my refund  They also are not a UK company on payment fashionchoi.  I also got an email and said it was from shein so you know where the clothing comes from. Avoid sizing are bad and they dont like paying refunds,1,2026-06-17 12:03:13+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Absolutely shocking customer service,Absolutely shocking customer service. Just get fobbed off with the same thing on their chat. I've now asked 4 times what their official complaints procedure is and am apparently chatting with a manager now and nobody can tell me. I won't be using this company ever again because if something goes wrong you can't get any help.,1,2026-06-17 11:47:32+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Boohoo returns and customer service is…,Boohoo returns and customer service is AWFUL. I will never order from there again,1,2026-06-17 11:08:33+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Zero customer service,Zero customer service,1,2026-06-17 09:29:10+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,I returned a couple of tops which were…,I returned a couple of tops which were badly made and I'll fitting. I did not select to be refunded to a gift card. However this is exactly what I was given. A gift card to be used within 3 months. I got in touch with boohoo to explain I did not choose to be refunded to a gift card and could I be refunded to my original payment method instead and the answer was no. Therefore I will never order from boohoo again.,1,2026-06-17 07:21:44+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,First time customer - great experience,"As a first time customer of ASOS, I almost didnt buy on their website because of the reviews I read on here. My expectations were very low. However, I have chosen to leave a review because my experience has been very good. I didnt bother ordering with express delivery after reading these reviews, so waited for standard service. It took a week but I did get an email saying sorry for the delay from ASOS. When it was dispatched, I had regular updates. The clothing was much better quality than I was expecting, esp for the price. All 4 items were in pristine condition. Unfortunately I had ordered too large a size. I arranged a return and it was very easy - all items could go in one parcel and I got a QR code for royal mail. Asos helped me find my nearest drop off point and a sent a confirmation email that it was with Royal Mail. I can even track my return. My confidence has been restored in ASOS, so much so that I have ordered again the same items in a smaller size (which I could have exchanged free of charge). I have already had an email saying my items are dispatched and I'm confident they will arrive shortly.",5,2026-06-16 20:55:47+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,The worst customer service,"The worst customer service. I paid for a premier account but then still had to pay a delivery charge. I’ve been told the premier takes 1 hour to activate however this is not stated in the terms and conditions, nor is it communicated at any point of subscription. Unfortunately I’ve been waiting 2 weeks to resolve the matter and try to get a refund. It’s impossible to speak with a human it’s all live chat communication with unhelpful AI",1,2026-06-16 20:17:35+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Some good deals but bad delivery,"Okay to review regarding this company is that it can offer some good deals which I'm happy with when I can find a good deal. You are totally let down by your delivery company I haven't ordered for over two years and I recently ordered you have changed your delivery company to a company called Relay. I receive the message in advance regarding delivery and I replied with ""13th Floor both lifts work"" which gives an indication of how I would like to delivery to happen. I live in a block of flats 132 flats the driver arrived and I said please come to the 13th Floor when I opened the door via the intercom for the driver the driver deliberately left my goods downstairs in the communal area where any Tom, Richard and Harry can pick up my items and walk off with it. Based on this interaction I do not believe I will be buying anything from ASOS again. You've change your delivery company to an even worse delivery company which will make you lose customers.",3,2026-06-16 19:05:06+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,I received a 25% discount voucher code…,"I received a 25% discount voucher code on the 14th June SUNDAZE, I found the email Saturday the 15th June on my way home from travelling and thought to myself I will use it tomorrow. This morning I went to use it and it wouldn't work so I had a communication with ASOS chatbot who didn't understand why so he put me through to a human customer service representative. After about 40 minutes being asked to wait she came back and told me the code was only valid for 12 hours. It was all a waist of my time. It did say in the small print limited time but not 12 hours only. Really bad service all round.",1,2026-06-16 18:33:41+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,No customer service available,"No customer service available, only a FAQ and a chatbot. Spent half a day to get in contact with an actual person, who couldn't help me anyway. Due to different circumstances the return window had expired by a few days but they showed no interest in finding a solution or an acceptable compromise. I know they followed their policy but many comparable companies have some interest in keeping their customers.",1,2026-06-16 17:56:33+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,FedEx sucks,"I’ve always loved ASOS, but ever since they changed their delivery to FedEx - my packages have been delivered super late.",2,2026-06-16 17:03:23+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Absolutely terrible service from ASOS,"Absolutely terrible service from ASOS. Purchased a virtual gift card for my mum for her birthday, gift card never received. Proceeded to message them now 6 times and going around in circles with AI and the service agents just say the vouchers team will get back to you. 8 days later, still no voucher. Do not purchase the virtual vouchers because you’ll never get it and they’ll steal your money! Very disappointed.",1,2026-06-16 15:55:24+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,I had to give one star as would not…,"I had to give one star as would not leave me 0. Please do not order from here, clothes not that good, but return policy is shocking, they claim you can return by Evri but you cant and cost of return is £10, this is a joke.",1,2026-06-16 15:44:42+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,I never received my money back,"Over the past 4 years, I have contacted ASOS customer support multiple times regarding unresolved refunds for two orders. Each time I was told to wait and that someone would contact me once a solution was found. However, I was never contacted by anyone, and I had to repeatedly reach out myself without any real resolution. During this time, I also offered multiple alternative solutions, including refunding to a different international bank account, PayPal, or issuing the refund as store credit/voucher. None of these options were ever implemented, and I never received my money back. Despite this situation, I continued to shop with ASOS and remained a loyal customer for a long time. Unfortunately, after years of unsuccessful communication and no resolution, I was effectively refused my refund. In my view, this situation does not comply with my rights as a consumer, as the company failed to provide a proper refund or a viable alternative solution within a reasonable timeframe. I am disappointed with how this case was handled and the lack of follow-through on repeated promises to resolve the issue, and I can no longer continue as a customer of this company.",1,2026-06-16 15:11:58+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,ASOS have become a joke at this point,"ASOS have a fantastic range of fashion items, but what use is that if they partner with a courier like Evri that fails to deliver. Twice this month Evri have lost my ASOS items, including a dress needed to attend a wedding abroad. As a longtime ASOS Premier customer I am now reluctant to place order because I am doubtful it will be received. And then all ASOS offer for support is a useless chatbot system that confirms how little customers are valued. ASOS is at risk of becoming a joke and faded memory if they continue to refuse to be customer focused. Take the hint from a management consultant and transformation specialist.",1,2026-06-16 14:35:09+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,i lost out a £150 gift voucher which…,i lost out a £150 gift voucher which was given as wedding anniversary present. i acknowledged the expiry date had gone past but if just a genuine oversight on my part and ASOS could've easily reissued it. Instead they decided to keep £150 (real money) without providing any goods or services and Ive been using them for years now and have spent a lot more then £150. WONT be using asos again ive spent £500 giving out gift vouchers alone last year but will be using other brands going forward,1,2026-06-16 14:31:15+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,"terrible experience, dont waste your money.","terrible experience, i ordered a hoodie 3 seperate times and they shipped the SAME WRONG item every single time. dont bother wasting your time or money here.",1,2026-06-16 13:54:17+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Slowest delivery EVER,"I ordered on a Monday morning so I could have my new clothes for a weekend away. A bit naive on my part. The clothes were delivered on the Friday afternoon and by that time I was already at the airport. If you want something for a certain date, maybe order 2 weeks in advance, or go to a shopping centre.",1,2026-06-16 10:35:31+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,If you had not sent the wrong item and…,"If you had not sent the wrong item and refused an exchange, I would not have had to place a second order, and I would not had had to pay an additional £4.50 ( shipping). It’s not my fault you couldn’t get it right the first time or the second time and it’s not my fault that you aggressively forced me to have a refund when I wanted an exchange",1,2026-06-16 09:17:35+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Not helpful and very generic statements…,Not helpful and very generic statements when dealing with customer service. Nothing but issues within ASOS generally my order and tracking them. Also they don’t do exchanges on returns so because of that buying for the first time discount code was essentially void as I had to make another order for the same item in a different size & that was according to them my second order. Just sly and won’t actually help correct things like that,1,2026-06-16 07:04:37+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,absolute disgrace of a company,absolute disgrace of a company i ordered a top on a tuesday which was needed for an event on the saturday so i paid a lot of money for next day delivery and by friday i was very concerned where my top was so i contacted boohoo to which they said it wont come for TWO WEEKS i said are you mad i needed it for saturday and i paid far too much for shipping no refund for that btw. just for the on the saturday morning cancel my order completely absolutely gutted loved that top,1,2026-06-16 01:14:09+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Returns policy is terrible,"Placed a really big order and a handful of items needed to be returned or exchanged. I was literally 6 days past their 28 day returns policy (was ordered for my wife’s birthday and I mistakenly ordered too early!) but even though I explained that, ASOS would not budge… terrible service and I will not use them again",1,2026-06-15 23:02:36+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,ASOS premier rip-off,"Signed up to ASOS Premier, placed an order and was charged for next day delivery on the ASOS supplied portion of the order when it should have been free. I contacted them requesting a refund for the delivery fee to be told that the premier subscription hadn’t kicked in yet (I had been charged). They refused to refund the fee.",1,2026-06-15 22:17:39+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Slow dispatch!,"Products good, slow dispatch.",3,2026-06-15 22:00:42+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Impossible deleting a “social” account. Time wasted. Frustrated and annoyed.,"For some reason I ended up with a social account that was connected to my Apple ID. As a result, my ASOS emails kept going to my work email. This made organising my affairs very messy. Because I had gift vouchers on my account I had to stick with this for awhile but once the vouchers were spent, I tried to disconnect my Apple ID from my ASOS account so that I could start getting the email sent to my personal account instead. After much time wasting via the so-called helpline, I discovered that resetting my password was impossible and I kept getting the “access denied” message. I was going round in circles which was very infuriating. Finally, I had no option but to delete my account and lose all of the benefits that I had built up. The help Centre is no help. They just fob you off and ask you to come back 24 hours later. I feel very frustrated and disappointed that I have lost all my “perks”.",1,2026-06-15 21:59:59+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,I boight some organic cotton tshirts…,"I bought some organic cotton tshirts and loved how soft they were, however after one wash some of them have had the stitching undo, pretty disappointing. I contacted their customer services and recieved an email saying they'd get back to me in 2 days or less, a week on im still yet to recieve any response order number 9714371",2,2026-06-15 20:42:41+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,I wish I can give 0,I wish I can give 0 Don’t order from them they got no customer service Only stupid chat they haven’t got a clue what they doing they need to be closed and reported to ombudsman,1,2026-06-15 20:19:20+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Missguided is now owned by SHEIN!!!!!!,"Haven’t ordered from missguided in years but always knew it as a good reputable clothing company. Ordered a beautiful dress for £40. Tracked my order after a week and realised it’s coming from China! Googled why it’s coming from China and it’s because SHEIN have bought the company. All items are made by SHEIN now. Went n SHEIN and the exact dress is a fraction of the price with a 3-day delivery promise. Now over 2 weeks since I placed my order and the event I bought it for has been and gone. AVOID! Or at the very least, buy it on SHEIN for cheaper and it arrives quicker!!",1,2026-06-15 16:40:54+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,I don’t know what’s happened to boohoo…,"I don’t know what’s happened to boohoo but it’s gone downhill massively. I ordered two items next day delivery on. Thursday to arrive for Friday for my holiday on Monday. After trying to actually speak to a person numerous times and ask for an update, or to just cancel my order all of the “agents” who are apparently actual people just send the same generic response telling me if I don’t want the order to refuse it despite me saying numerous times I will be away for over a week and the parcel will be left outside. It’s really frustrating to not be able to actually speak to someone who can help and also their replies take forever. I also did a previous order the week before which did come on time but the quality of clothing is really poor and I have a top that is size 10 on boohoo label and then another cheap tatty looking label which is obviously like a whole sale manufacturer t shirt and the size on that is completely different. Wont be ordering from boohoo again.",1,2026-06-15 15:02:06+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,This company sent me the wrong item…,This company sent me the wrong item over a month ago and expect me to cover the cost of postage to send replacement out Its a co ord item and I asked for replacement but they said they sent a refund to the gift card but it isn’t there I’m starting to think this “clothes shop” is a cover up for something much more darker.,1,2026-06-15 14:39:06+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Products are good but,"Products are good. I have bought clothes, and bags from here over the years. But the customer service is frustrating. I don't want to speak to an ai robot I want to speak to an actual person. Yesterday a bag I ordered got delivered to the wrong address I reported this through the customer service robot and sent them the picture of the wrong address it had been delivered to, and they sent out a replacement. But they also must of notified the delivery man that he had delivered to the wrong address because less than an hour later he arrived at my door banging aggressively shoving the parcel through my letterbox. I went onto the ASOS website to cancel the replacement they were sending out and all I got was repeated questions from the ai robot. It was frustrating. Trying to do the right thing and cancel the replacement order because I had received the package. And I can't get through to anyone. And so I'm having another parcel delivered today which I don't need or want. I tried to look at their FAQ but their information is lacking. It's not helpful.",3,2026-06-15 11:08:30+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Do not use this company absolutely worst customer service,"This is the absolute worst customer service I have ever received Evri lost my parcel and after numerous chats online I still haven’t got my refund I will never use this company again, I would give them no stars if I could. There is no phone number no email you just have to catch to a computer it’s ridiculous they really don’t care, use this company at your own peril because when someone goes wrong they really can’t be bothered to sort it out all you get is you have to wait then when you’ve waited they say they are looking into it and then you have to wait again do not use this company",1,2026-06-15 10:17:20+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,I experienced a chemical irritation and…,"I experienced a chemical irritation and mild burn from one particular item. They failed to take accountability and said this happens with oragnic cotton or could havee been the stitching scratching your skin. Completely dismissing my account of the fabric smelling of a strong chemical, as well as my ability to distinguish a scratch from a burn. Awful customer service. It took a month for the specialist team to get back to my complaint and deflect and ask me to get an allergy test from GP. Dismissing the fact they failed to disclose their clothing was doused in preserving, irritant chemicals.",1,2026-06-15 10:00:41+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Difficulty returning North Face item,"Ordered a backpack through ASOS from North Face. Needed to return, as the bag was not what I expected, poorly made. ASOS is making it difficult to return as it is not their brand, now have to wait 3 days while they contact north face. I tried going straight to North Face but they will not help. Very frustrating, waste of time. I will not be shopping from ASOS again.",1,2026-06-14 20:59:11+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Won't be ordering from here again,"Won't be ordering from here again. Refunds for returns take far too long. Posted my return on 4 June and still no refund notification. Customer Service is useless as just keep saying check back tomorrow. Never, ever again. There's so many better companies out there!",1,2026-06-14 17:13:56+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Why do boohoo partner with lemon lunar,Why do boohoo partner with lemon lunar? The company is awful and makes them look really bad. The fact no one including myself has been able to submit returns as the returns page doesn’t work. Surely boohoo must have received ample complaints about this partnership. It’s ridiculous. I’ll never shop at boohoo again just for this poor choice of partnership.,2,2026-06-14 16:43:07+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Besides loving there product,"Besides loving there product, I love that they use all sorts of models to show off there products! Love this company vision! 💌 Ps. I emailed them and the reply felt like a genuine human wrote the respond.",5,2026-06-14 12:18:30+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Would recommend!,"Always order for my boyfriend, it always fits and the quality you get for the price is outstanding. Would recommend!!!",5,2026-06-14 11:07:45+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Terrible service,"Terrible service. Missed the return window by 1 day for a product that is wrongly advertised. Purchased a pair of shoes and they are 2 sizes too small. Yet because I’ve missed the return window by 1 day, won’t refund, exchange or offer even a gift voucher. Stuck with an awful quality pair of shoes… clearly shows the decline in quality and service at ASOS. Puts me off shopping in the future after being a regular customer for the last 14 years.",1,2026-06-14 09:39:12+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Customer service,The help I received was great. It was a friendly and helpfull mail and also on the same day that I reached out!,5,2026-06-14 09:17:42+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Bought items on Boohoo,"Bought items on Boohoo, and paid for next day delivery. After paying the money, I got told the items had been received by Evri. Then on the day of delivery, I got told they would actually be delivered in a week! Boohoo is good value, but you can't trust them.",1,2026-06-14 01:28:18+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Customer Service support is…like dealing with enemy 🧨⏰💣,"Customer Service support is non-existent! I'm continuously contacting them on line chat regarding the same thing WHERE IS MY REFUND? The answer is charging each time from 21 days to 26 days then 31 days required for processing! Returns aren't processed in received order, but in lucky lottery or spin the wheel order. So, after 15 years of buying for three I'M QUITTING ASOS FOR GOOD 👎🏿  I am trying not to get a coronary when dealing with them, therefore I'm out 🙏 Thanks 4 Nothing ASOS!",1,2026-06-13 21:24:12+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Kia was a great help when I contacted…,Kia was a great help when I contacted customer services via messenger. Very quick response time and detailed updates!,5,2026-06-13 20:07:07+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Kai gave great advice,"Kai gave great advice. Was quick to respond, gave clear instructions and was polite.",5,2026-06-13 18:58:05+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Panties for teenagers not full grown women!,"I ordered some panties, which were not suitable for me.  I returned several unopened pairs.  I had notification that fewer than the number I had returned had been refunded.  Thankfully, when I drew their attention to this they immediately refunded for the remaining items with no quibble.",4,2026-06-13 17:58:17+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Many years customer,"Order #1049495202. The store uses the cheapest courier services, and my parcel was lost. Shop quickly resolved issue",5,2026-06-13 17:02:05+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Such a huge dissapointing experience…,"Such a huge dissapointing experience with shopping at Boohoo. Did a simple order of only two items (pair of trousers and a tank top) and when parcel was finally delivered it contained two totally different (two pairs of shoes…) items. I have inmediatly notified customer services about the wrong items and said I would return them and requested for a full refund. They now only refund for the items but not the shipping costs. Which is absolutely ridiciulous, as the error was made by Boohoo and not me, so why does the customer still have to pay for the return costs. Easy profit for a shite company! The name Boohoo says it all… Dont buy anything it will be a booing experience!",1,2026-06-13 13:56:02+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Next day delivery disappointment.,Next day delivery disappointment. Paid for asos premier for next day delivery. Didn't happen and then nightmare with customer service. Issue still not resolved.,1,2026-06-13 09:35:42+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,I would give it no stars,"I would give it no stars. No customer care its non existent, all done with chat bots !!! Ordering from Asos for years, until now !!! Ordered a few items, one was for a birthday present for my daughter  I pay extra for next day delivery but they don’t arrive, with a message saying they are being sent back to ASOS  !! They have my money & clothes !!!  now have to wait over 2 weeks to get my refund,if I do ????  which I’m still waiting for. No human I can talk too, I will not be ordering from this company ever again. Which is such a shame as they use to be so reliable.",1,2026-06-13 06:55:42+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,No morals,"Be very careful when you buy from Boohoo and you return an item. It automatically defaults to receive a “gift card” as a refund. It isn’t obvious that this has happened until after and then it is too late, as apparently you cannot change it. If that’s not bad enough if you do not spend the “gift card” within 3 months - the “gift card” gets cancelled and you lose the money. Why they call it a gift card is something I do not understand. It’s not a gift card - it’s my money! Disgusting service and a complete con. I have asked them why it does not default to the payment method you have paid with and they cannot answer. Well I can - it’s a way of you either spending money with them again or if you cannot find anything within the 3 months to buy - they keep the money! You should be ashamed Boohoo.",1,2026-06-12 23:40:42+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,I’ve had my account block dispute it…,I’ve had my account block dispute it being my card. I opened another one whilst notifying them using the same card which is registered to the delivery address to demonstrate that I am who I said I am. They’ve blocked the account. I’ve been shopping with them for years so I don’t understand why a customer that has been using them is being treated like this.,1,2026-06-12 23:30:28+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Waste of time trying to return partner orders,"Waste of time trying to return a partner order, mis-information from customer service, no formal complaints policy. When requesting if my complaint could be logged more formally I was cut off by the rep named Makgobane",1,2026-06-12 23:23:52+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,I love the T-shirts this company makes…,I love the T-shirts this company makes and their circular economy principles are the way forward - but they also have really lovely customer service. One of my orders went missing and they were very quick to send a replacement.,5,2026-06-12 22:35:20+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Keeping sending wrong items,"Placed two orders with Boohoo for the first time and in both orders I received the wrong item. And now I'm  responsible for ensuring the return of the incorrect items. Also their sizing is all over the place. One outfit - pants were  ginormous, top just fits, dresses even though they are the same style. One fits, one is too big, one too small. Won't be using them again.",1,2026-06-12 19:09:53+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Won't let you choose delivery,"The website wouldn't let me select any delivery method and just instantly charged their premium year membership. There's nobody to contact, no way of getting of refund or cancelling the order.",2,2026-06-12 18:36:15+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Absolutely shocking,"Absolutely shocking, DO NOT order from boohoo. Returned an item, have proof of this, AI Chatbot keeps asking me the same question, it’s basically theft at this point",1,2026-06-12 18:31:16+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,'Ethical' fast fashion?,"Rapanui make attractive looking clothes, with a casual, surfy, nature-themed look. Unfortunately they refuse to publish slightly critical product reviews on their website, creating a false appearance of entirely happy customers. For instance my fair, truthful, 3* review of a jacket with a badly designed hood has not been published, and I'm unable to re-submit any review for this product as they tell me I've already submitted my review. It's apparently an ethical brand, and around 10 years ago when I was first started wearing their clothes, there was a big emphasis on their relationship with an Indian textile factory committed to fair labour practices.  However, more products are listed as being made in China (not known for particularly good labour laws & human rights) with no further explanation of their labour sourcing, leading me to assume their focus is more on the materials (i.e. organic cotton) and more environmentally friendly processes. Where Rapanui let down is on durability.  I have over time had to throw a lot of boxers away, & send a large number of t-shirts to be re-milled. Their circular fashion concept is their way of keeping the prices fairly low, & it looks appealing on paper that you'll get a coupon for returning, but it's only cost effective if you're already buying over £50 worth of goods, otherwise the £5 off voucher (you can only use one at a time)  is absorbed by the nearly-equivalent delivery fee. And often, I've had trouble with the codes, and it has taken a while for customer service to get back to me, but to be fair they have always resolved it. On balance I still like some of what they do, and buy the odd item, but less wedded to the brand these days. Because most of their t shirts are a lighter weight 155 g/m2 I've been looking for higher thread-count items but these are hard to come by. Even though I question how sustainable they are, there's not many or any competitors on the same level with a similar offering, so I intend to keep Rapanui on my radar for clothes shopping, for the meanwhile.",3,2026-06-12 17:18:52+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Absolutely awful customer service,"Absolutely awful customer service. 2 out of 4 items were not as described, and when I emailed them, I got a reply about making a return (at my own expense!). I emailed again, and they replied with the same message! They kept asking the same questions and every reply took 1-3 days. After NINE DAYS they finally agreed that I can return one of the items for free, but said they ""unable to identify any fault with the item"", even though there was an obvious error with a seam/cut. They wanted me to return them separately and pay full return fee for the other one! Insane behaviour.",1,2026-06-12 16:28:54+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Terrible,Terrible.  All the glitter has fallen off (Sparkly Hooded Sweatshirt With Full Zip) in 3 wears.  I haven't even washed it yet.  missguided will not give refund even if I return the item! Totally ripped off. 😢,1,2026-06-12 15:49:35+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Bought nice bikini bottoms,"Bought nice bikini bottoms, really nice fit for mtf 👍",5,2026-06-12 15:27:28+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,"Poor quality, bad description and unreliable customer service. Unsolicited emails.","Aside from the ""Linen Look"" trousers that very much weren't Boohoo didn't make a refund until I chased them twice including sending proof of delivery and threatened them with raising a PayPal case. They also charged me £4.98 for the return despite advertising the cost as being £1.99. So for quality and customer service I have given them 1 star because you cannot choose zero! On top of that I unsubscribed from their marketing emails (that I never signed up for) three times on the website and they still kept sending them every day, sometimes twice a day. No apology by the way and no guarantee of being unsubscribed either. Finally they say refunds can take up to 21 days to appear... Recommend they are best avoided. You might also want to avoid the following who are in the same group Pretty Little Thing, BoohooMAN, Debenhams, Karen Millen, Nasty Gal, Oasis and Warehouse",1,2026-06-12 11:51:56+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Missing items - won’t refund!,Ordered four dresses however only three arrived in poor condition (internal bags open and dresses screwed up inside with tags hanging off)  Contacted customer service to report the missing dress. They told me all dresses were packed and delivered as they had watched their internal CCTV and they were ‘confident’ in the delivery company. Complete fraud and now won’t refund the missing dress. Terrible service - avoid at all costs!,1,2026-06-12 08:37:20+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Beware- check your refunds have been processed correctly,"Beware: Incomplete refunds and poor customer service. I returned 7 wedding guest dresses in one package, but Boohoo only refunded me for 5. Trusting the process, I didn't check my bank statement immediately. I discovered the missing refund weeks later when tracking a different order. Customer service is now refusing to help because the return was over a month ago. Essentially, they have kept my items and my money. Double-check your return receipts! EDIT: I sent a complaint email to customerservices@ boohoo.com and they refunded me for the two items they initially failed to process. Would encourage you all to do the same if you've faced a similar issue",1,2026-06-11 22:48:40+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,The next day delivery is not…,"The next day delivery is not consistent. Royal Mail cannot deliver anything same day when they receive it at 3am. People have holidays / job interviews and if it states next day delivery , that is what should happen",1,2026-06-11 21:35:24+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,"ASOS Ignored Evidence, Refused Assistance, and Left Me Without My £180 Refund","ASOS refused to take responsibility for a £180 return even after InPost confirmed a system issue I have been a regular ASOS customer, but the way ASOS handled my return issue has been completely unacceptable. I placed my ASOS return parcel into an InPost locker on 18 April 2026 at BEDWELL CRES, Stevenage, SG1 1NA. The parcel contained items worth approximately £180. After placing the parcel in the locker, I never received a collection confirmation or proper tracking update. I contacted InPost and was told that there was an issue with the locker/system. InPost also stated in writing that there were issues with my parcel entering their systems correctly and specifically told me to report the problem to ASOS so ASOS could raise it with InPost on my behalf and work together to resolve it. I provided this information to ASOS. I explained repeatedly that the parcel was physically stuck inside the locker, that the locker was not working, that I had no access to the parcel, and that InPost had directed me back to ASOS. I also provided the locker location, the date of drop-off, the return details, and a photo of the locker. Despite all of this, ASOS refused to take ownership of the issue. Their response was essentially that they could not “just take my word without proof” and that I needed InPost to confirm the drop-off. But I had already shown them InPost’s own message confirming there were system issues and asking ASOS to raise the matter with them. ASOS then told me that the issue was “not handled by ASOS” and that I needed to deal directly with the carrier. This is exactly the problem: InPost kept sending me back to ASOS, and ASOS kept sending me back to InPost. I was trapped between two companies, while my return parcel remained inaccessible and my £180 refund was withheld. This is not acceptable customer service. ASOS generated the return, ASOS instructed the return process, and InPost specifically told me ASOS needed to raise the issue with them. Instead of helping, ASOS dismissed the situation and left me to chase the carrier myself. I have been waiting since 18 April with no refund, no clear resolution, and no proper support. ASOS should not abandon customers when a return arranged through their process fails because of a locker/carrier system issue. Extremely disappointing, stressful, and irresponsible handling of a genuine return problem.",1,2026-06-11 20:09:18+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,I am extremely disappointed with my…,"I am extremely disappointed with my recent experience with ASOS, which managed to go wrong at every stage of the process. For my birthday, I purchased a pair of shoes originally priced at £140. I used my birthday discount code, which reduced the price to £112, and then paid the full remaining balance using a gift card. The first issue occurred when the package arrived. The shoe box was in an incredibly poor condition, heavily damaged and worn. I immediately contacted customer service to report this. After trying on the shoes, I discovered that they were too small. I had ordered my usual size because ASOS listed the item as “true to size” and recommended ordering my regular size. Since the sizing advice was inaccurate, I requested an exchange for a UK 10.5. The exchange process appeared to be completed successfully, and ASOS even informed me that the replacement pair would be delivered on 13 June. I received the return confirmation email and promptly sent the shoes back using the provided return code. The returned shoes arrived at the warehouse yesterday, but I received no update regarding the exchange. This made me suspicious, so I contacted customer service on 11 June. To my surprise, I was told that ASOS’s system had failed to process my exchange request and that I would instead receive a refund back to my gift card. I explained that the exchange had failed due to an issue with THEIR system, not because of any action on my part, and that they should honour the exchange request. Unfortunately, no effort was made to resolve the problem. Since the exchange could not be completed, I at least requested that my birthday discount code be reinstated so I could reorder the shoes at the same price I originally paid. Without the code, I would have to pay the full £140. Customer service provided me with another code, but that code does not work on this item and cannot be used together with gift card payments. When I contacted them again, I was simply told that nothing more could be done. As a result, I am now being forced to pay £140 for a pair of shoes that I originally purchased for £112, entirely because of ASOS’s mistakes. This order has disappointed me three separate times: 1. The shoes arrived in a severely damaged box. 2. ASOS’s system failed to process my exchange request despite confirming it. 3. The replacement discount code provided by customer service does not work. The customer service was completely unhelpful throughout the entire process, and no reasonable solution was offered. I have been a customer for a long time, but this experience has completely destroyed my trust in ASOS.Terrible customer service, terrible systems, and an overall terrible customer experience. I will never shop with ASOS again.",1,2026-06-11 19:45:10+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Packages are always late,Packages are always late. I pay for next day delivery and never get next day delivery. Now I am forced to pay for the return - I am returning a parcel that was late and I had to buy clothes I needed in a local shopping centre. And I still am asked to pay for the return... Poor customer service.,1,2026-06-11 17:08:15+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Large Order - Returns POOR,"Placed a large order with Boohoo. It is no way clear on their website that you have to return everything individually to the brand, processing lots of returns and portals, which is SO time consuming. Plus the junk mail you get from every brand they sell is crazy. Will never buy from them again",1,2026-06-11 16:02:26+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,AVOID!!,AVOID!!! The material is cheap and nasty. They make you use one of their carriers (which cost a fortune )to return the rubbish they send out. Then despite having picture proof that the goods were back with them on the 18th May I have no refund and they are now ignoring all emails. Absolutely shocking company,1,2026-06-11 15:34:18+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Worst customer service with that chat…,"Worst customer service with that chat box and no other opportunity to contact them… Wasted HOURS without any result. What a waste of time and money. Not using ASOS anymore, there are so many better options out there….",1,2026-06-11 14:37:39+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,I’ve been with asos for as long as I…,"I’ve been with asos for as long as I can remember and honestly recently they’ve shocked me with how they’ve managed issues I’ve recently had with their service. Missing items with no visual proof of those same items being delivered and claimed I was being dishonest while requesting for a refund for a couple items. I cannot prove what I don’t have therefore there’s no reason to go the extra mile to lie even following return I made with a load of items but the communication in a follow that I’ve been trying to enquire for about a week that has been difficult as the asos customer demanding and unhelpful. Honestly a way to describe their service is one, dismissive, rude and outright unprofessional in my honest opinion.",1,2026-06-11 13:50:47+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Just awful,Just awful. You spend hours on live chat they then say they will email you a resolution and never do. They are just liars. This is after many of their mistakes and taking my money.,1,2026-06-11 12:21:23+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Superb product at a very reasonable price,"Superb product at a very reasonable price and very efficient and helpful customer service. Cotton fabric is soft and heavy, the fit is generous and stylish. I had to request an exchange for a smaller size and this was dealt with promptly and efficiently. Very impressed!",5,2026-06-11 11:38:00+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Item missing from order which they are…,"Item missing from order which they are insisting I pay for, I reported it as missing as soon as I opened the package, the AI bot failed to resolve the issue 3 times, I repeatedly asked for a human to help with the issue, it has been over a month and no one has contacted me, I’m stuck in a cycle of reporting it with the AI bot and no one actually fixing the issue, they payment is due for a dress that never arrived, boohoo are stealing from me. Appalling.",1,2026-06-11 11:15:40+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,AWFUL AND INCOMPETENT - THEY HAVE FAILED TO DELIVER THE PARCEL ON MORE THAN ONE OCCASSION NOW,AWFUL AVOID LIKE THE PLAGUE,1,2026-06-11 11:15:39+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,I purchased several items from Boohoo…,I purchased several items from Boohoo but i decided to return a dress i had ordered using their paperless drop off service at my nearest Asda. The value of the dress was for £107.10 but for some reason they refunded me for another dress I had never returned that had a value of £13.40. Which i don't understand how you can confuse. I complained to their customer service but they told me they will not issue me a refund as lack of evidance!  even though i have all the evidence i need!!! I will never be using this awful company ever again! I will make sure no one else does!,1,2026-06-11 11:07:03+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,If I could give 0 stars I would.,"If I could give 0 stars I would. Ordered some clothes for my holiday as I used to like missguided years ago, when they arrived the quality of the clothes were terrible and cheap. So I contacted them to return them which I had to do at my own cost, I sent them the proof of the postage and they’re now refusing to refund me. I’ve been back and forth with them for weeks and they won’t refund me. Wish ai had never ordered from them, will never ever order from them again and advise anyone DO NOT ORDER FROM THEM. I’m now out of pocket and I’m furious.",1,2026-06-11 10:31:33+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Delivery,Having an issue with a parcel going to wrong address. They sort this out fast and in the best way possible. Great job!,5,2026-06-11 10:25:22+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Misleading offers,"Sent me an email offering a discount. Tried using it within 24 hours but said it had expired. No expiry date on email. Customer Services, ifvyou can call them that, not interested. So beware misleading and unhelpful emails. Then cut me off chat. So i have no records",1,2026-06-11 09:27:10+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,"First time customer to this site, order issues","First time customer to this site. Bought a black jumpsuit, US size 12, received a 16. I contacted customer serivce to report the wrong size and asked for them not to charge me for the return since the error was on their end. They replied that since I ordered a 16, they would not be able to provide free shipping. I had to send them a screen shot of my receipt which clearly showed I ordered a 12, and then they agreed to comp the shipping. In the meantime, I placed a second order, again for a US size 12, and paid for Fedex 3-day shipping, as I originally ordered the jumpsuit to wear to a business conference. On the day I was supposed to receive the order, I checked the tracking, and the order was stuck in customs in Dallas. It remained stuck there for 5 days. Needless to say, I did not receive the order in time.  When the order finally arrived, it was the wrong size, AGAIN.  So now I am returning this item again. I have placed the order for a third and final time. It is a nice jumpsuit and exactly what I am looking for, so that is why I keep trying. I hope the 3rd time is the charm. What I think the issue is is that they have UK and US sizing, and someone at the warehouse keeps messing up or their labeling systems are not accurate.",2,2026-06-11 03:35:48+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,I placed an order on 15th May 2026 and…,I placed an order on 15th May 2026 and it is now 11th June 2026. I have not received my items. I have tried getting in contact on multiple platforms - SMS messenger and email. Via email I have been asked to lodge a return - I have nothing to return I want a refund! I am only getting bot general responses getting me nowhere and no actual resolution. I just want a full refund including shipping and to speak to an actual person. Terrible service.,1,2026-06-11 02:50:40+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Absolute scammers.,Absolute scammers.. payed for next day delivery and it never arrives next day.. ordered a few items for my holiday and still didnt arrive they take your money and thats it.. no customer service or direct line to speak to anyone.. crap.. useless..theives!!!,1,2026-06-10 23:54:44+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Good quality clothes,"Good quality clothes, bought some dungarees which turned out to be too big and super easy to exchange it for another size - thank you!",5,2026-06-10 23:38:34+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Zero stars if I could,"Zero stars if I could! This charging you £3.95 to send the parcel, then another £3.95 deducted from your refund is an absolute con. Especially when one of the items measured 3 sizes smaller than it should have. So not my fault. But speaking on a chat to an agent gets you nowhere, as they just don't get the point. I used to love ordering from here, but lately it's one big stress, because you get punished for returning things. Sort your sizing out then! Simple 🤷",1,2026-06-10 21:40:12+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Return system is awful and should be…,Return system is awful and should be reported to retail authorities board.. do not buy from misguided you will not get your money back,1,2026-06-10 21:09:18+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Amazing support,"To start with, the clothes are amazing! I love the designs, vibrant colours and the nice fabrics. Unfortunately most of the clothes were too big for me so I have to return most of them but I got wonderful support about sending them back, discountcodes and help with finding the correct measurements. So I am very happy about that and hopefully will frolick in my new outfits soon!",5,2026-06-10 20:22:35+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Placed an order and checked the…,Placed an order and checked the tracking and tracking stated that it was returned to ASOS due to not paying duties. I have never received any notification that duties were owed. Reached out to customer service and was told that I will have to wait 21 business days for a refund due to having to wait for my package to arrive back at ASOS. Carrier service - 0 stars Customer service 1 star Would not recommend ordering from here.,1,2026-06-10 19:47:47+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,MISSGUIDED now owned by SHEIN,"Purchased 2 tops from MISSGUIDED. Paid for expedited delivery, it still arrived late. Then discovered this was because the parcel was coming from China. Only because I tracked it. This was not clear when ordering. Thought that very odd. Googled it. Apparently MISSGUIDED is now owned by SHEIN. The tops were of extremely poor quality. Shock. Requested to send them back. Made to pay for return postage. This was way back ant the start of April. No refund received and customer services completely ignoring my emails.",1,2026-06-10 19:03:00+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,"YOU WILL BE CHASING YOUR REFUND, Think before buying from this company",On a the 1st May I made an order that I returned for exchange as it was to big. After waiting two weeks I had received nothing so reached out to the company enquiring why I had not received my exchange or a refund? from thereon in over the following weeks they have continued to fob me off with (“we will send you a refund” “we have informed the Managers who will be in touch” “we have escalated the problem” when I ask them for a timeline they state they don’t have one. I’am now into the sixth week and I’am having to chase them every 4/5 days. They obviously have the idea of ignoring the customer until you either give up or forget. The fact that they continue to send me emails on different offers is such an insult. If I could have given 0 stars believe me I would have.,1,2026-06-10 18:20:41+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,DATA BREACH,DATA BREACH - BOOHOO sent me a coat with another customers bag in the pocket must have been from a previous order so I can see the previous customers name and address this is a security breach and they are not replying to assisting to my emails I don't think they understand the Importance,1,2026-06-10 17:58:30+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Dress very poor quality and customer…,Dress very poor quality and customer service only through a chat bot,1,2026-06-10 17:50:41+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,AVOID AVOID AVOID,"AVOID AVOID AVOID Really wish I had read the reviews on here before purchasing items from this website. The reviews that they allow to be posted on the website show NO reflection of what this company is like, I wouldn't be surprised if they were fake tbh. I ordered £80 worth of stuff for a hen do and not one item arrived looking like it did on the website. Returns are such a faff I have never experienced anything like it. I was told my order wasn't recognised when requesting a refund on the portal so had to email them. They were quick getting back to me & said I had to create the label myself & cover the cost of the refund which in the end cost me £6!! I did finally get a refund but I think this may have only been because I paid with a credit card as im aware other people from these reviews haven't had a refund at all. Will NEVER use again",1,2026-06-10 17:39:21+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,"Years of Loyalty, Deeply Disappointing Experience","I have been an ASOS customer for years, but my  experience has been increasingly disappointing in the past few months. ASOS recently informed customers in Ireland that Next Day Delivery is no longer available and that customers wishing to receive a refund for their Premier Delivery subscription must contact customer service. However, the email provided no contact details despite requiring customers to get in touch. ASOS no longer provides a customer service email address or phone number, leaving Live Chat as the only way to contact them. I spent over an hour on chat trying to discuss a refund for a service that ASOS has acknowledged it can no longer provide. I was told I would receive an email confirmation regarding my refund request, but no email was ever received. I was also unable to obtain any timeframe for a response to my complaint. To make matters worse, I had previously reported issues with the Next Day Delivery service and was told nothing could be done. It now appears those issues were part of a wider problem affecting customers in Ireland. The website experience has also deteriorated significantly. Items frequently appear to be available, only to disappear and show as unavailable when selected. My biggest disappointment is not the removal of Next Day Delivery itself, but the way ASOS has handled communication, refunds and customer support. Customers should not have to spend hours chasing refunds for services that are no longer being provided.",1,2026-06-10 17:13:33+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Dealing with ASOS customer service is…,"Dealing with ASOS customer service is excruciating. I asked for a refund on ASOS Premier, as it isn't explained that it doesn't cover brand partners during the sign-up process. I didn't use the service and asked for a refund within 30 minutes under the cooling off terms in the Consumer Rights Act. They initially refused. I asked to log a complaint and they continued to stall until eventually agreeing to the refund. They promised I'd receive an email confirmation shortly afterward but heard nothing since.",1,2026-06-10 15:19:03+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,The worst customer service I have ever…,"The worst customer service I have ever received when trying to make a return. I tried to make a return for several items, the system would not let me - first it said it worked then I never received a QR code, then I tried again and it said there were too many items, then I tried again and it only gave me the option for the return to be collected rather than dropped off. I tried to speak to the customer service online chat. The AI assistant asked me 5 times whether I wanted to speak to an agent, which I replied yes every time. Once I was finally through to an agent named Eric Disilva, this person was incredibly unhelpful and slow. He did not listen to the issue and just went ahead and created three InPost returns and said it was important that specific items went with specific returns. It took him over an hour to do this. I did not have any clarity over which items were meant to go with which return. I asked him for a confirmation email of the items that he had selected to be returned and his response was I'll get an automatic email sent at some point, but do not wait for this and just send the parcels off. He then ended the chat without anything being resolved. I will never use asos again. I will never recommend it to anyone. I understand they are trying to reduce the amount that people are returning, but they have now made it impossible to return and have the worst customer service.",1,2026-06-10 14:51:02+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,I think even 1 star is too generous…,"I think even 1 star is too generous for the absolute joke that ASOS has become. I’ve been shopping on there for years now and never had any problems, but clearly they’re so financially screwed right now that they’ve just taken to scamming money from their customers. Ordered a Playsuit from them at the end of May, however when I tried it on the straps were way too short and not adjustable. I couldn’t even get it up. Don’t even get me started on the fact that they lie about their models heights making it extremely difficult to judge if things will fit. Either way I placed a return for this item only to receive an email stating that my return had been rejected. The reasons they stated were that the item was returned in a used and unsuitable condition which is absolutely ridiculous considering it was out of the bag less than 5 minutes. Just to be clear, the label was not removed and it was sent back in the exact bag it was sent in. Crazy, because if they deem the item used and unsuitable, that means it was sent out to me that way and they clearly don’t care about quality checks on clothing. Personally I think the item was in pristine condition and they’re just trying to money grab where they can at this point. I also want to clear up that I’m not a serial returner, I don’t ever order multiple sizes or even place huge orders in general. In fact my return rate is at 25% and I don’t often have issues. What’s really got to me about this whole situation is the lack of customer service or care. I managed to get in touch with a customer service agent on Sunday morning, who was the most unhelpful, unsympathetic person I’ve ever dealt with. He claimed he was escalating the situation and that I’d hear back about the outcome in no less than 24 hours and I’m yet to hear back. I’ve now been sat in the chat again since yesterday morning, going round in circles with an AI bot, waiting to be connected to an agent. Clearly shopping here isn’t worth the hassle anymore and I’ll be deleting my account with them.",1,2026-06-10 14:16:37+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Exchange process,"Recently had to return an item as too small, decided to exchange for a different item. The exchange process was really easy and I recieved my new item a few days later. Very speedy service",5,2026-06-10 13:13:11+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Truly terrible company,Truly terrible company. Paid for a year of next day delivery. How long did my delivery take? 5 DAYS Also the nerve to then reject a return that was one day late!!! Will never shop again. The amount of notifications from the app is so annoying I have deleted forever and will truly never use ASOS again.,1,2026-06-10 12:59:24+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,got conned into paying a extra £2.99 at…,got conned into paying a extra £2.99 at checkout on top.of the delivery charge as boo hoo  say you have to opt out of damage/lost or stolen so beware delivery will cost you double and they wont rermburse it if items lost/damaged or stolen its down to them anyway CON CON CON BEWARE THE EXTRA £2.99 U HAVE RO OPT OUT BUT YOU GET CAUGHT AS YOU DONT EVEN SEE IT,1,2026-06-10 12:32:09+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,I've been really disappointed with ASOS…,"I've been really disappointed with ASOS lately. Customer service is lacking and getting help when there’s an issue can be frustrating and time-consuming. The quality and overall product range seem to have gone downhill significantly compared to previous years. It’s become much harder to find anything decent, and many items feel overpriced for what you actually receive. The website still offers a large selection, but sorting through it to find good-quality pieces is increasingly difficult. What used to be a go-to retailer now feels inconsistent and unreliable. When problems arise, customer support often falls short of expectations, making the experience even more disappointing. Overall, ASOS is not the retailer it once was. Between the decline in product quality and the poor customer service, I find it hard to recommend shopping there these days.",2,2026-06-10 11:39:29+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Poor quality and customer service,"I have been a customer of Rapanui for several years but unfortunately I will not be purchasing from them again. I purchased several pairs of men's boxers which all came unstitched on the same seam. The items were not good quality and they did not last as long as other organic boxers I have purchased previously and, as an eco-conscious  customer, I am mindful that the durability of an item forms a considerable part of its overall sustainability. Customer services refunded me for one pair of the boxers but this does not address my concerns about the quality of the product. I was also disappointed with the customer service I received. There is no direct contact number and, after submitting an enquiry, I was emailed with a ticket number and had to wait several days for a response. On replying to the response given, I was then issued a new ticket number rather than being able to reply to the customer service advisor I had been dealing with and I have not received any further communication. My overall experience was very disappointing.",2,2026-06-10 10:09:47+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Never would I thought that returning…,Never would I thought that returning clothes would be so difficult. Never known a clothing company want pictures of proof of postage and don’t provide return labels. Still haven’t received my refund still can’t get through to the right team about my returns. What a shambles. When replying to the emails just don’t get response. Do not use this business. Quick to take you’re money,1,2026-06-10 08:48:09+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Very fast response and very helpful…,Very fast response and very helpful after my enquiry.,5,2026-06-10 08:21:00+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,"Returns a faff, but customer service good.","Items arrived fairly promptly. Was happy with one, but the other was not what I was expecting from the picture, so returned. Bit of a faff as I don't have an account and ordered as a guest. However, once I figured it out it was ok. Waited a week for them to say that they had got it and to let me know, eventually contacted customer services. Finn, bless him, replied promptly to say that it had been received and was in the process of being refunded. Full marks for customer service, less so for complicated returns procedure. And why no phone number? Would have been much easier with one.",3,2026-06-10 07:19:06+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Kai was such a great help when I…,Good customer service. Kai was such a great help when I contacted boohoo on instagram for help and came across very nice!,5,2026-06-10 00:40:29+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Poor excuse for an Ecomm business,"Poor quality items Returns process doesn't appear to work Asking to select a specific carrier, diverts to their website , evri, then doesnt recognise miss guided as a business. Contact support at missguided asked to up load proof of sending the return back via a contact form on their website but it has no option to upload. Lots of consistent reviews on here the same as mine.  Garbage scam business . Terrible . Save yourself the time and use AX Paris...",1,2026-06-09 22:11:00+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,I liked how quick the items arrived.,I liked how quick the items arrived. Unfortunately because the shoes didn’t fit I had to return. It’s taken me 2/3 hrs to get to the return being actioned by Kai. After she looked into the request I had sent. The return portal wasn’t working it needs replacement ideas? Thank you to Kai for giving me good customer service. Just awaiting monies returned ( obviously when I’ve actually returned them .,3,2026-06-09 21:39:05+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,A query about V-necked t-shirts,"A query about V-necked t-shirts was dealt with quickly.  They do have them but seem a bit lost on the website.  Not immediately obvious, though now I know where to search. Maybe they could have a place on the main menu for themselves?  I've bought numerous items for myself and friends since Rapanui started and never had a faulty or unexpected size from them.  Really great quality products and designs.",5,2026-06-09 21:11:19+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,If I could leave a zero star I would…,If I could leave a zero star I would there customer service is shit! First off I paid for next day delivery which they failed to do took 48hrs for me to even get a response from an actual agent… THEN when I finally got the order it was the wrong item!!!!!! Now taken over 48hrs for an agent to respond which I am still waiting to hear from. Don’t waste your time !!!!,1,2026-06-09 19:09:58+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,I bought a faux leather coat,I bought a faux leather coat. When the item arrived I was happy with the style and quality. Part of the design feature of the coat was the leather straps around the wrist part. One of them was missing. After days emailing over and back they decided they would refund me 50% of the cost. I didn't request any refund I wanted the strap but they said they wouldn't send me the strap and basically just accept the partial refund or send it back for a full refund. The coat is really no good to me without the design feature which caused me to choose it in the first place. Very disappointing,2,2026-06-09 18:58:27+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,(surfing towels) lovely,"(surfing towels) lovely, thick quality and generous size. colours are gorgeous. Not cheap - quality justifies this Customer service really quick and helpful",5,2026-06-09 16:27:01+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Horrible...,"Horrible customer service.... no better way to put it, simply Horrible",1,2026-06-09 15:50:05+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Extremely disappointing experience.,"Extremely disappointing experience. I placed an order that was supposed to arrive before an upcoming trip. After the delivery date passed, I was told it would arrive a few days later. Then I was told it never even left the warehouse. I requested a replacement, but ASOS took so long to process it that the items went out of stock and my order was ultimately canceled and refunded. At the same time, my second order was also delayed and won’t arrive before my trip either. The worst part was customer support. After multiple chats and repeated requests for a supervisor, I spent hours getting the same scripted responses over and over. The agent didn’t seem to understand the issue and kept claiming a replacement was being processed when the order had already been canceled. I’ve been a loyal customer for over 10 years, but this experience showed a complete lack of urgency, accountability, and customer care.",1,2026-06-09 15:29:33+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Pathetic packaging items arrived damaged,I ordered three body moisturisers from boo-hoo they arrived completely smashed which is not a surprise because if you put three large plastic items literally just in a plastic bag and expect it to get through the post it’s not going to arrive in perfect condition. I am so upset I paid over £82 for these products and they are fit for the bin now if I do not get a full refund or exchange I will take matter as much further. I do not recommend this company. They do not have a telephone number to call them and I cannot see anywhere where I can contact them. It’s beyond PATHETIC!!!,1,2026-06-09 15:24:29+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Order three tops all three were cr*p,Order three tops all three were cr*p. Cheap material and just ugly. $15 for postage for them to send then another $15 if you want to return. Don’t waste your money.,1,2026-06-09 11:09:29+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,My order didn't arrive - no replacement,"My order didn't arrive. Customer services said they'd resent it, it still didn't arrive. Unsatisfactory replies from very slow customer services. 3.5 weeks onwards & I still don't have the item or a sensible answer.",1,2026-06-09 10:03:49+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Unwanted notifications,"Why do you keep sending me notifications that I have neither requested nor signed up for? In my settings, I have only allowed notifications regarding items being in stock. Yet you keep spamming me with ads.",1,2026-06-09 09:33:39+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Fast delivery & easy returns process,Fast delivery & easy returns process : ),5,2026-06-08 21:31:46+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Item not sent from misguided,"Item not sent from misguided, it was sent from some random warehouse in china, item stitching broken and it’s asking me to pay for a return? Absolutely disgusting. Nobody will get back to me or help me. Totally unacceptable behaviour.",1,2026-06-08 21:15:33+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Damaged Shoes Received,"Ordered a pair of shoes for a special occasion. Shoes had come apart on the cushioned sole, on both shoes. They were obviously dispatched like this, where is the quality control?. I have sent back for a full refund. But I wanted to speak with customer service because I was so disappointed. They did not offer a discount or any compensation. I would not use again. Very poor.",1,2026-06-08 19:49:58+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Absolutely terrible customer service,"Absolutely terrible customer service, taken money from me, order wasnt placed, getting no where with AI ! As dont have an order number - cannot make contact with anyone to speak to them - just keep getting generic email reply. Terrible, certainly will not be ordering from them again!",1,2026-06-08 19:21:02+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,"No Customer Service, having only ai chatbots isn't good enough","I wish they would have an actual costumer service. They only have an ai chatbot. No real people, no email for customer support. I know it's my fault that i didn't create my return by the given 28 days time window but i know that some stores will print a new qr code if you are unhappy with the order and missed the time mark by a few days. Some of the clothes didn't fit at all. Either too big or too small and i ordered what they suggested to me according to the sizing and my measurements and wants. Sad that they have no costumer service. It's really annoying that i don't get to return the stuff now. Perfectly unharmed, with label on, only missed a few days and generated the code on the last day but it got deactivated very soon after.",2,2026-06-08 16:51:09+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Poor customer service,Poor customer service. I had to wait weeks for a refund and then they say they are going to deduct a £1.99 return fee. What a joke!! Won't be buying anything from them again!!,1,2026-06-08 16:33:54+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,I had ordered one pair of shoes that…,I had ordered one pair of shoes that were originally at another site and even though it took my money and said that my order is on the way after a day it cancelled it and sent the money back.When I went to re buy the pair it was sold out.Not a nice experience.,1,2026-06-08 12:20:15+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,cant even refund properly,"I ordered 4 items, but I only received 2, so I contacted them about a replacement, and they sent me the 2 missing items. I then decided to return one of the items, and instead of being refunded for the item I returned, worth £37.99, I got refunded for another item in the order worth £6.99. Messing up the two biggest things in an order is ridiculous, never buying from ASOS again.",1,2026-06-08 11:11:26+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Awful customer service,"Awful customer service! I won’t use this company for myself again. I ordered a selection of dresses for a wedding, one was delivered damaged. The ‘contact’ option is by a text message which takes hours to get a reply and then you often get swapped to another operator who knows nothing about the situation so you have to explain again. They tried to charge me delivery for a replacement of the damaged dress then kept my money which I was due for my returned items for over a month even though I had the tracking receipt from Royal Mail to confirm they’d had them back. I then logged a complaint on 2 separate occasions regarding the service and am still waiting for a reply. This was on 16th May!!!!!!!! Unacceptable……",1,2026-06-08 09:53:05+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,ASOS isnt what it used to be,"What has happened to ASOS?  I pay for PREMIER which supposedly gives me free next day delivery on orders over £15.  Most recent order was over £15 - and has taken over 4 days to arrive.  (I wont even bother contacting Customer Service as its not worth the stress - they are as bad as Virgin Media).  They have also introduced a ""Fair Use Policy"" so if I return any items they will be calculated across the year and if my return rate is 70% or higher across 3 or more orders, I wont be able to renew ASOS Premier! ASOS used to be my go to place for clothes, shoes etc - but I'm starting to look at other retailers now.  Its not worth the hassle.",1,2026-06-08 09:48:07+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,ASOS penalise you for returning items,ASOS penalise you for returning items. I have used them a lot in the past but will not be ordering from them again for this reason.,1,2026-06-07 18:29:21+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Awful sizing and awful-quality clothes,"Awful sizing and awful-quality clothes. I don’t normally shop with ASOS for this very reason, but I wanted a simple vest. Surely they couldn’t mess that up—yet they did. Honestly, it’s no different from Shein. Aside from name brands asos have, there’s very No difference between asos and shein. Useless company",1,2026-06-07 16:10:33+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Money taken from my sons account,"Money taken from my sons account - no order number, no records in recent orders, Ai customer support. Still trying to get refund and getting no where.",1,2026-06-06 23:17:55+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Asos doesn’t even worth the one star,"Asos doesn’t even worth the one star, they became a scam and un trusted website. Save your money & don’t order from them. i placed my order on 3rd of May I received an email stated that I will have my order my 2nd of June (a month to get my order) on 18th of May it showed that I didn’t pay the duty to the carrier (which carrier if i didn’t receive my order yet) so i contacted asos with virtual assistance that stated i have to wait until 2nd of June to be connected to an agent … now i contacted them again the agent said i didn’t pay the duty & i have to wait another month",1,2026-06-06 20:11:54+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,"Nice garment, but...","The 2 hooded fleeces appear to be good quality and felt lovely and soft. The negatives were the time it took to receive the products (probably too used to quicker organisations) and the sizing. I am a size 14, so ordered medium. They were huge. Would easily fit 16plus with room to spare. However, I  liked the quality and colours so have ordered again,  but in small size.",4,2026-06-06 17:54:46+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,A bag which is beige they sell it for…,A bag which is beige they sell it for white.I returned.They charged me for both delivery and return!,1,2026-06-06 17:50:43+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,ASOS refuse refund,Bought an item. Was supposed to be delivered on a Thursday but never delivered. Carrier told me to wait three days which was crazy. Then after three days told me to wait another day. Called ASOS to share I haven’t received it they refuse to refund me but wanted to give carrier time to investigate. Total disregard for customer. Carrier tells me the package was robbed but wouldn’t tell ASOS that so ASOS won’t refund me until they hear back from the crappy Carrier GOFO or Starlinks.,1,2026-06-06 17:48:42+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,UPDATE on my review of 4th June,UPDATE on my review of 4th June: I had another online attempt at reporting a missing item from my order. I seem to have connected with a human this time and the response was very helpful. A refund is on the way.,4,2026-06-06 15:28:47+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,The quality of the clothes has not been…,"The quality of the clothes has not been satisfactory. The stitching for yellow trousers was part yellow, part black. There was a hole in my recent purchase and boohoo are not offering a refund, there is not the option to select faulty item on their portal to complete a return, their customer service asks the same questions again and again without resolving the issue. Would not recommend.",1,2026-06-06 15:25:34+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,If I could do ZERO stars I would.,"Be careful, I,ve had £2.99 delivery + added to my bill, told them I didn,t ask for it so why? No answer except its to make sure my parcel gets to me??? Like a kinda insurance, how thats meant to stop theft or disappearance of parcels god knows. Thought thats what I paid £3.99 delivery for . This company are adding on ££ that you,ve not asked for  so before you press that checkout button....CHECK DETAILS...They've had £2.99 delivery+ AND £3.99 delivery So even if you send all back, they still make money from people ... Fuming....almost £7 gone!! And a month waiting on a refund !! Lesson learnt, won't buy again If I could do zero stars I would.",1,2026-06-06 14:07:19+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Kai was helpful and answered all my…,Kai was helpful and answered all my questions about return process.,5,2026-06-06 13:55:03+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,My new favourite company,"My new favourite company. Saw the advert was a little sceptical about quality due to price of bundle but loved the story. I need bot have worried, love the feel  the weight of material and the fit. That added to the way they care for the planet means this won't be my last order. Summer is sorted now on to Autumn wardrobe!!! Thanks Davs",5,2026-06-06 12:20:19+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Warning!,"Warning! I strongly advise against buying from Missguided, which is now owned by SHEIN (something I unfortunately was unaware of when placing my order). The clothes I received were in terrible condition and several items were faulty. I ended up spending both a significant amount of time and money trying to return the order. Not only did I never receive a refund, but I also had to pay for two separate return shipments because the return address provided by the company did not exist. Customer service was equally disappointing. After the initial response, my emails were essentially ignored, and no meaningful assistance was provided. At this point, I simply want to move on from this frustrating experience and accept the money I have lost due to this unprofessional company. I therefore requested that my account and personal data should be deleted in accordance with my rights under GDPR, but this request has also been ignored. Based on my experience, I would strongly recommend that others avoid both Missguided and SHEIN.",1,2026-06-06 11:12:14+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Dont buy from them,"I bought two of the same dress so I could compare size. I did not receive a booking information email and the parcel came without any paperwork. One dress was marked and neither were suitable so I wanted to return these. You can only speak to a bot through Facebook messenger. It takes an age to get a response and when you respond it goes unanswered. Ive been asked for the same information I had already provided 4 times and still a week down the line I have had no answers, and stuck with 2 dresses one of which is marked. I had used boohoo previously but I will never use them again and strongly advise anyone not to use them. Customer service is terrible. Dresses are marked when they arrive. No purchasing information shared. No paperwork shared. Disgusting.",1,2026-06-06 10:10:41+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Terrible customer service,"Terrible customer service. I’ve been a customer for around 10 years and have generally always been happy with the service, but my experience with a replacement item has been awful. Their delivery partner, Relay, left my parcel at the completely wrong address, and all I’ve been asking for is a replacement. I spent days going around in circles with the AI chat before finally getting through to a human, answered all the questions, and then the case was escalated. It’s now been nearly two weeks and a replacement still hasn’t been dispatched. They also won’t refund me because a replacement has already been requested, so I’m just left waiting with no resolution. I don’t understand where the urgency is to fix a mistake that wasn’t mine. Why am I having to wait so long for a replacement?",1,2026-06-06 08:59:33+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,ASOS need to sort out their delivery…,"ASOS need to sort out their delivery service. It lets them down (EVRI). I’m not ordering from them again, it’s too unreliable and I don’t want the hassle!",1,2026-06-06 00:05:25+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,As the tracking on my delivery app says…,"As the tracking on my delivery app says that it has been delivered, Kai reassured me that its still on its way and maybe a misscommunication between the delivery service and the boohoo app. Thank you Kai for following up my parcel.",5,2026-06-05 21:19:59+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Struggled to get any information about…,"Struggled to get any information about my return and refund in the beginning, but then Theo got in touch and was sorted really fast thankfully. 5 stars for Theo",3,2026-06-05 21:16:55+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Quick response resolved in minutes by…,Quick response resolved in minutes by Kai thank you,5,2026-06-05 20:14:27+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Paid for next day,"Paid for next day, came three days after because they use Royal Mail. Great service….",1,2026-06-05 18:41:35+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Con / Scam Artist ASOS,"Ordered item from ASOS which was delivered by a “ brand partner “ - which wasn’t indicated when ordering. Tried to return item , the supplier Desigual are located in Spain they provided a barcode only as opposed to a label and hence all UPS drop off outlets are refusing to accept. Contacted 2 ASOS chat agents- summary of their support- it’s not our problem, sort it yourself, we’ve got your payment so now sod off.",1,2026-06-05 17:10:28+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Disgraceful,"Disgraceful, ASOS send worn items and when you try to return them (literally within 24hours of receiving) stating the reason for return is because they appear to be worn and used, the return gets rejected and they refuse to refund you and send the item back. Customers are penalised for staff incompetence.",1,2026-06-05 16:39:54+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Ordered for the first and last time,Ordered for the first and last time. Absolute joke that i paid for guaranteed next day delivery and i am still waiting for my parcel 3 days later. Not acceptable and has now gone past the date i needed these for. DO NOT USE THIS SERVICE AS THEY CANNOT GUARANTEE THEIR PROMISES YOU PAY EXTRA! FOR,1,2026-06-05 15:12:06+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Good quality clothing,Good quality clothing. Had an issue with the delivery address and the customer service was excellent.,5,2026-06-05 15:07:14+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Utterly awful,"Asos decided to use the courier service RELAY to ""deliver"" my package - this service is known for being fraudulant - pacake theft, not attempting deliveries and saying they did, not paying their workers - so as per they did not deliver my items. They have no customer service because they are a scam so i reach out to Asos to assist and got nowhere. They are saying the tracking says the items are on the way back to the warehouse but they can't tell me any definitive details and of course Clearpay continues to charge me for the pending payments of items i never received! This company needs to do better. I will be reporting this to ombudsman and seeking legal action against them if one more cent gets taken from my account for goods I never received",1,2026-06-05 14:38:22+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Avoid like the plague,Avoid like the plague! Terrible customer service.,1,2026-06-05 14:18:52+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Purchased shorts .... theft by Royal Mail,Purchased shorts ..... royal mail claim item was delivered ..... photo is of the delivery persons hand with MY parcel in it ..... worse thing is I work there and could have collected from site .... this is a high value item and although ASOS is replacing you cannot speak to a human to escalate the theft issue ... absolutely gutting as this could have been avoided and Royal Mail seem totally apathetic to a potential thief in their employment . Sad times,3,2026-06-05 13:40:43+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Excellence,"I’ve been shopping online forever, but this is honestly my first time ordering clothes from ASOS — I usually only bought lotions, skincare, and beauty products online. I’m genuinely shocked by how amazing everything is! The quality is incredible, the cuts fit beautifully, the materials feel premium, and the styles are exactly what I was looking for. On top of that, the delivery was super fast and everything arrived perfectly. I can already tell this is going to become my number one online shop for clothes. ASOS completely exceeded my expectations, and now I finally understand why so many people love shopping here. Highly recommended! ✨🖤",5,2026-06-05 13:37:57+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Refused refund for 'damaged items'- no evidence and no help!,"Refused refund for 'damaged items' - unable and unwilling to provide photos or logs detailing the damage.  Shopping with them is not worth the risk! Their chat feature is hard to use- hard to get through to a real person and no help when you did. I requested details for a formal complaint procedure and was only provided with a link that didn't work three times and then they closed the chat on me. Terrible customer service, unreliable shopping experience and all around dodgy feeling.",1,2026-06-05 13:16:15+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Missing parcel,Evri delivered my parcels to my front garden and they were missing I was struggling with the contact with evri as the told me they were left in the garden and ended the call I resulted in contacting boohoo by Facebook and Kai swiftly helped me sort out the issue with my missing parcel much appreciated the help given by Kai thank you very much such a quick and easy process. Thanks Lydia,5,2026-06-05 13:12:39+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,AI is taking over and not in the right…,"AI is taking over and not in the right way. Needed a few items quickly before a trip at the beginning of the year. The website took the money but cancelled the order. I resubmitted the order, which came with a fresh new ref ID. In short, I ended up paying twice. According to their policies, after ten days, I should have gotten refunded for the cancelled order. Unfortunately, their AI-generated aftercare compounded my two orders (although under different references) and denied the error. There is no way to speak to a person. It all goes through lengthy online chats (40 mins), where, on several occasions, their team could see the error but were not able to help you. They can see your order page, but no one seems to move a finger your way. I begged for a telephone number, or at least for them to contact me by email. How great it would have been to have a real person via phone call. The only way to resolve it was to escalate the case via my bank, which took my side and refunded me the payment.",1,2026-06-05 12:53:13+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,I have had a good experience with Carson,"I have had a good experience with customer service with fast replies and then understanding my concerns, all of my refunds being processed and then being able to help me with enquiries was amazing. I had a day wait at the start that put me down a bit but the amazing response after made it better. Carson was great and easy to talk to and understood my enquiry.",4,2026-06-05 12:27:00+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Cannot generate a return,"I am trying to generate a return. I then enter the returns portal, enter my details and my order is displayed. Once I select the item I want to return I am taken to a new page. My item is no longer displayed (missing as an option) and I cannot generate a return. I have sent numerous emails and I'm getting a generic response. If I could actually talk to a human they could easily rectify this and generate a return. I'm sure a response here will say send a message or include a reference number I have!",1,2026-06-05 12:22:33+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Very bad from service point of view and…,"Very bad from service point of view and quality, they charge you for retour making it not attractive to order and even the shortage return amount you don’t get it! Very bad experience!",1,2026-06-05 10:58:09+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,terrible customer service,terrible customer service. Paid $20 delivery fee for a crushed box and was told i've have to pay full refund fees and delivery fees. Will never order with them again.,1,2026-06-05 05:59:42+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,What’s new,"I would give zero stars if I could. They’ve increased the instant delivery to £11.95, I paid it - do you think it arrived? No, unreliable service as per usual, avoid like the plague",1,2026-06-04 23:26:25+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,don’t buy they scam,I ordered a dress payed about £10 for delivery has not arrived neither has costumer service got back,1,2026-06-04 22:51:00+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Never will i order from this company…,Never will i order from this company again. I ordered a bag on the boohoo website which took over a week to arrive. This was now too late. As I no longer needed it I raised a return to send it back. Was told to contact london aftershock as this was where the bag is actually from...After two further emails ...IT  then took a further week to receive the returns paperwork as its all paperless now. I sent the item back as soon as I received the paperwork. Over 3 weeks later im still emailing them as I have not received any refund. I was told by boohoo to contact aftershock london as the bag was from them via the boohoo website. London aftershock has now told me they have processed it so now I have to contact boohoo again to see where my refund is  !! Absolute farce .,1,2026-06-04 22:09:04+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Customer service are great,"Customer service are great, very quick to respond and love the clothes. Especially the fleeces. Great there is a shop in Canterbury too",5,2026-06-04 20:27:51+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,I was returning an item and could not…,I was returning an item and could not find the order number. Kia found it for me in seconds. Excellent.👍,5,2026-06-04 19:02:32+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,The way this company treat their…,"The way this company treat their customers is disgusting! Be very wary when buying from these as when you check out it automatically adds their premium subscription to your basket and if like me, you do not realise to uncheck the box, you are charged £9.99. This is very misleading! Customer service refused to issue a refund despite it stating in their terms and conditions that you have a 14 day cooling off period to cancel the subscription. After telling them i was contacting the Retail ADR team and citizens advice they agreed to deactivate the subscription and said I would receive a refund within 5 days. I never received anything and the subscription is still running. Looks like I have a yearly subscrption for a service I will never use again!",1,2026-06-04 17:12:54+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Well what can I say they obviously…,"Well what can I say they obviously cannot count dates/ days on a calendar, bought pair of vans- too small returned with their 28 day timeframe, only to have my returns rejected and sent back to me. What a scam. Csa dropping chats so I’d have to start again and explain it all over again. They admitted that it was a fault on their side, but returned the shoes to me and now won’t give me a returns code as it’s outside the 28 days. Disgusting!!!! Small claims court it will be!",1,2026-06-04 16:57:58+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Incorrect item delivered (I paid extra…,"Incorrect item delivered (I paid extra for next day delivery). Tried contacting them via messenger, because that's the only option. And no reply in over 24 hours. I won't be using them again.",1,2026-06-04 16:45:28+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Worst Customer Service,"There is basically not customer service, no email to ask anything, its mostly AI,  would not recommend to buy from here, I bought the ASOS premier but will not be renewing",1,2026-06-04 16:31:06+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Failed to deliver,"I ordered an item, paid the postage for it to be delivered.  They stated it was despatched and would be with me by 29th May.  Yes the Royal mail website stated they are still waiting for the item.  I contacted ASOS today (4th June) and despite them supplying a delivery tracking number they now tell me the item has not left their warehouse yet.  They asked if I still wanted the item and I said YES.  They then said we will let you know if we have it and can send it.  DON'T ADVERTISE STOCK IF YOU DON'T HAVE IT.  Avoid ASOS like the plague.",1,2026-06-04 16:02:54+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,ASOS took my money and never sent me my parcel,Such absolutely bloody rubbish - spent SGD145 on four items and was told the parcel had been despatched from the UK on 18th may 2026. Estimated delivery to me in Singapore was meant to be 29th may. This order of four items was meant to be my birthday treat to myself but here I am on June 4th still wondering where my parcel is. Rubbish ASOS agent or bot immediately claimed it must be that I owe Singapore customs money so it’s up to me to settle this and they’ve washed their hands. All he could do was repeat his script. I’ve tried checking with NinjaVan the delivery courier  Singapore and of course what’s a shocker no answer from them. I hope ASOS is happy with the money they’ve taken from me. May they go far in life with the money they’ve taken from so many customers. What I do know is this. I will never ever ever make the mistake of ordering from asos ever again. Maybe they should change their name to AssUs cos that seems more appropriate. I know I’ve got no hope of ever getting a refund cos every time I asked the rubbish agent/bot the question was evaded.,1,2026-06-04 15:55:20+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Extremely disappointing experience,"Extremely disappointing experience. My gift card expired, even though I had been actively looking for it after it was misplaced during a house move. I contacted customer support via chat, and while they acknowledged that exceptions can sometimes be made to extend gift card expiry dates, they refused to explain the criteria. The conversation was abruptly ended without any resolution. As a regular ASOS customer, this has been very frustrating and has completely changed my perception of the brand. I won’t be shopping here again. I would also strongly advise others not to purchase gift cards. If anything unexpected happens, you risk losing your money with no support or flexibility.",1,2026-06-04 13:46:15+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Wrong sizes then no refund,"Ordered a 3 piece set in size S, one piece came as L, another XS and another S. No help from boohoo just told to return. Returned item and a month later still received no refund. Won’t be buying from boohoo again.",1,2026-06-04 12:59:10+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,AVOID!,"Ordered a bundle of clothes amounting to £200+, unfortunately most of the items were either poorly made or cheap horrible material and looked completely different to advertised. On returning them, boohoo failed to refund me for an item included in the return. So I have contacted their customer services multiple times, via text and messenger as is the only way, and they just keep asking for the same return number again and again and getting nowhere. Very frustrating process, shocking customer service, not giving my full refund and cheap poorly made clothing. AVOID!",1,2026-06-04 12:28:03+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,NEVER GET REIMBURSED,"I returned a dress that was too big for me, it was quite expensive so I prefer to returned it. I followed every asos instructions for the return and I never get reimbursed !! I tried to contact customer service but all they have is robots chats that doesn’t help me to get reimbursed till this day!!! I will never buy from this site ever again!!",1,2026-06-04 11:26:43+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,ZERO stars,"ASOS customer service is absolutely terrible. I received a pair of shorts with a broken zipper and was advised by customer service to return them. They even provided a return label. The warehouse received the return, only to reject it and send it back, claiming it was ""outside the return timeframe"" — despite the fact that the item was faulty. I then spent over an hour on live chat, where I was repeatedly told the issue had to be escalated to a specialist team. For a pair of faulty shorts. Once the shorts were returned to me, I was instructed to send them back again and contact customer service so I could receive a refund without having to wait the usual two weeks for a return review. After following those instructions, I contacted them again and was told — once again — that it needed to go to a specialist team. I provided proof of delivery as requested, and still nothing has been resolved. It's pretty shocking that I've paid for a faulty item and am now potentially facing a two-month process just to receive a proper pair of shorts or a refund. The lack of communication, consistency, and accountability has been incredibly frustrating. ASOS, do better. I'll definitely be cancelling my Premier membership after this experience. 👍",1,2026-06-04 10:13:09+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Ridiculous new refund method,"What has happened to Boohoo???? I placed an order worth £120, everything that arrived was a terrible fit and really poorly made so I decided to return. What boohoo hadn’t updated anyone with was the fact they’ve changed the refund process. There is a choice at the start to select gift card or refund to payment method, however, gift card is selected at a default. So if you aren’t expecting this, and click continue, you automatically select “gift card” as your refund method. Once this is selected, it cannot be changed which I think is an absolute scam. I then never received the gift card confirmation and asked for it to be resent. I then came to using it this week, where I asked for the gift card to be reissued and was told it had exceeded the 90 day limit!? Which I couldn’t have been aware of as I never received it in the first place. So now I am £120 short and customer service have been of no help or understanding.",1,2026-06-04 10:06:08+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Kai was so helpful regarding an item…,Kai was so helpful regarding an item notvarrived. Efficient and reassuring - thank you.,5,2026-06-04 07:52:15+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Horrible experience with disconnected…,"Horrible experience with disconnected customer service. I ordered pajamas for my wedding. 2 items I never received and I couldn’t reorder in time and in order to get a refund it took a 20 email thread with me providing the same information over and over again in order for the refund to be processed. The items I needed to return, I still haven’t been able to, once again they keep asking the same information over and over and I haven’t been able to send it back for over two weeks.and still no end in sight. The people you deal with are incompetent and it is so inconvenient I will definitely never be buying from them again. It shouldn’t be this hard to return items or get a refund when an error is made on their part.",1,2026-06-04 00:36:10+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,The worst customer service …,"I ordered something Express delivery with my premier account on 18th May 26. It’s now 2nd June 26 and it hasn’t turned up. The item has clearly been lost by Evri, but boohoo haven’t refunded me yet. You can only contact an AI and it keeps moving the date I need to wait until I get my refund. It makes you jump through hoops just to tell you, actually wait another few days then get back to us. After you wait that extra few days you get the same again. Your customer service isn’t just bad, it’s none existent. Give me my money back now!!!! I’ll contact trading standards and I’m never shopping with you again.",2,2026-06-03 23:49:04+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Do not get a refund on a gift card. Customer Service is non existent,Never get a refund on a gift card from Boohoo. If a problem arises they will not help you and you loose any money that was on that gift card. They do not explain the t&c’s when issuing gift card. Customer service is non existent. I was also overcharged for postage and did not receive a reply after many attempts to contact them. They do not even deserve 1 star!,1,2026-06-03 21:30:32+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Rapanui Customer Service,I contacted Rapanui Customer Service via a Facebook message and got a friendly and helpful reply to my enquiry.,5,2026-06-03 20:45:16+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,1 hour time delay on Premier Delivery…,Beware of 1 hour time delay on Premier Delivery service purchase. Despite confirmation emails and tags on my account to say service active I was still charged an additional cost for next day delivery of my order. ASOS refused to refund as clearly stated a ‘potential’ 1 hour delay in T&Cs. Using chat help service also took time and I was then unable to cancel and make order again. I do not feel the company have helped to find any resolution. It’s highly misleading to state a service is active on an account but caveat a potential time delay in the small print. It’s also totally impractical to activate the subscription 1 hour post purchase and feels like a deliberate consumer trap to pay additional costs. It’s a small amount of money but a very deliberate policy designed to benefit ASOS and not its customers.,1,2026-06-03 19:01:11+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Next day delivery failure,I’ve ordered a t-shirt as last minute birthday present and paid next day delivery. It’s been two days and still no sign of it. They haven’t responded to my question about the order since the morning. Order marked as at the depot with Evri therefore I have no hopes received it anytime soon as Evri has terrible track record in our area. I have had similar situation with their parent company Debenhams and Evri over Xmas-paid extra for delivery before Xmas but because I used Blue Light discount it reverted to standard delivery which should have been free for the amount of order anyway . So not only did I pay for the delivery which otherwise would have been free Evri delivered it later than standard delivery timeframe specified. The only response I got from them was I should read terms and conditions when I asked for the delivery charge to be refunded. Update: I’ve heard from customer service after nearly 12h saying they are sorry and sent me link to Evri tracking ( I have this already so not helpful) they’ve also told me to allow up to 48h-they haven’t explained how this works with next day delivery and also ignored my request for next day delivery refund.,1,2026-06-03 18:28:59+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,quick and efficient,I found Keegan really helpful. Very quick response and resolution.,5,2026-06-03 18:08:44+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,I had an issue with my bag,"I had an issue with my bag, which became damaged sooner than expected. I contacted Lucy & Yak customer service and received a very quick, friendly, and helpful response. The team reviewed my case and provided a credit note without any hassle. I really appreciated how easy and straightforward the process was, as well as the kindness shown throughout the communication. Thank you to Zac and the Lucy & Yak team for the excellent customer service. It's reassuring to know that the company stands behind its products and values its customers. Highly recommended!",5,2026-06-03 17:44:16+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,"Five agents, six hours, for one return barcode","The delivery, returns and customer service has gone significantly downhill. My order was delivered much later than promised, forcing me to purchase replacement items separately using next-day delivery. The real issue was the return process. The items I wanted to return were still within the return window, but a technical issue meant a return barcode could not be generated because other items from the same order had been delivered earlier. It took five separate contacts with customer service and over six hours of my time to resolve what should have been a straightforward issue. During this process, I received contradictory information from multiple agents, including being told both that the items were within the return window and that the return window had already closed. Even though I was clearly in the 28 day window. ASOS eventually issued the return barcode, confirming that the return could be processed, but only after significant effort on my part. No goodwill gesture was offered despite the time spent repeatedly chasing a resolution. The agents were argumentative and it was difficult for them to understand the issue. There is also no way to escalate matters or complaint procedures, meaning you have to rely on incompetent customer care agents who don't care about resolving the issue in a way that reflects well on the company. Disappointing customer service and a frustrating experience overall. Will not be shopping here again.",1,2026-06-03 16:21:14+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Next Day Delivery Scam,"Paid for next day delivery and it arrived 10 days late. Tried to get a refund but I am stuck with a repetitive chat bot who wont stop sending the same message of ""I completely understand that you placed the order with next day delivery, Conor, but according to our records, it shows you received the parcel before the expected delivery date. That is why we are unable to process a refund for the delivery fee."" If you have a complaint dont waste your time.",1,2026-06-03 15:37:49+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,It is not acceptable to take 23 days to…,It is not acceptable to take 23 days to refund an order ? I will never order from ASOS again.,1,2026-06-03 14:55:19+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,STAY AWAY FROM ASOS!!!,Asos are not even worthy of 1 star! I had some gift cards for use at Asos. On 21 May I identified some items to purchase. Asos make you add the cards to your account rather than just checkout using the cards. When trying to checkout I got an error message.  I hadn't even got as far as payment instructions.  When I returned to my account to try and order again the vouchers were gone! I had copies of the vouchers on the account and shared with Asos.  It has now been over 2 weeks and i do not have my vouchers reinstated and have wasted hours and hours on Asos. They tell me the cards have been redeemed on another account but refuse to confirm if fraud or provide details of the account. I have asked for formal complaint 3 times but ignored. It seems they don't understand the concept!! STAY AWAY FROM ASOS!!!,1,2026-06-03 14:22:40+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Have been waiting for a refund for a…,"Have been waiting for a refund for a dress I returned back in May. Contacted boohoo customer service and have provided all proof of postage and return and every single response from them is asking me for proof of postage. It is a different person responding each time and no one reads my previous emails so they start the whole process again. I have asked to escalate this and to make a formal complaint and there has been no acknowledgment. This is a £150 dress which they are not refunding me for. If this matter cannot be resolved promptly, I will pursue recovery through my payment provider via chargeback or Section 75 (if applicable), and I will consider commencing proceedings through the small claims process as this outstanding amount is more than £100.",1,2026-06-03 13:52:59+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Ordered an item which is effectively a…,"Ordered an item which is effectively a brand sold on Shein. Wasn’t impressed with the quality so returned this, at my own cost and almost a month later I still haven’t received my refund. DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SITE. I used to use Missguided a lot back in the day but it has gone totally downhill. I can almost guarantee you will find the same items on shein and at least you will be refunded if no good!",1,2026-06-03 12:50:33+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,"Late, Damaged, Missing order","I paid for next day AM delivery, order didnt arrive until 4 days later, too late for the birthday that they were gifts for. When the order did arrive it was damaged and open and half the order missing! Will not be using ASOS again. No telephone number to ring, just an AI assistant on chat!",1,2026-06-03 11:29:34+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Help with missing return,Customer service department (Cristina) was very helpful when I returned a hoodie to them but no replacement or refund arrived back. Problem investigated and I now look forward to receiving the replacement.,4,2026-06-03 10:53:39+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,I bought shoes from them for a wedding,"I bought shoes from them for a wedding,  I am a size 9, have ordered size 9 shoes from them previously and they fit fine. I go buy some heels for an upcoming wedding,  they are literally 2 sizes too big even though they are apparently size 9. I email them to see what's going on with their sizes,  have they changed supplier? Is the sizing wrong etc.  I get nothing but a run around with different so called ""customer service"" people, there were about 6 different emails sent with replys with mostly generic responses,  some staff were helpful then when I would get a reply it would be from a different staff member who just says the generic reply back and Clearly hasn't read what the issue is, then I'm back at square one. Omg the most ridiculous so called customer service I have ever come across. I missed out on getting shoes I needed for the wedding as by the time of all these ridiculous emails back and forth with them it was too late.  Pretty disgusted with their so called customer service.  Absolute joke",1,2026-06-03 04:36:23+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,I had an item to return as it was the…,"I had an item to return as it was the only one which didn’t fit. But I forgot my email details. I spoke on text to Ellis who was very supportive, helpful and patient to support with a resolution x amazing thank you",5,2026-06-02 21:29:34+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,AVOID! AVOID! AVOID!!,I have been a regular boohoo customer for years and always pay for premium delivery. I had two gift cards which I used on two separate orders and paid part card with both. I returned some items and I am STILL waiting for a refund since 10th April! I have been in touch with them several times and they won’t resend my gift cards to an alternative email address even though I’m not receiving it and they have said the gift card has expired so there’s nothing they can do!!! I’m absolutely appalled with the level of service I have received! They are still refusing to give me my refund even though under the Consumer Rights Act 2015 and Consumer Contracts Regulations 2013 I am entitled to a refund within a reasonable period. They are  breaching consumer rights and unfair commercial practice.,1,2026-06-02 21:03:38+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Fast and accurate answers,Professional and knowledgeable when to come to all the different questions asked,5,2026-06-02 20:03:55+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Great clothes and great customer service,Great clothes and great customer service,5,2026-06-02 18:58:27+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Pants,Delivery Service Lack of customer service 2 weeks and not a word from them about where my parcel is,1,2026-06-02 16:07:49+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Unable to return items bought via Azure Fashion,Unable to return items bought via Boohoo from Azure Fashion.  The only way to contact Boohoo was via Messager and the automated response just kept repeating the same return option that didn't work.  Avoid buying anything you might want to return from Azure Fashion. Boohoo doesn't have any customer service!,1,2026-06-02 13:44:25+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,So disappointed with ASOS strict returns policy.,"So disappointed with ASOS strict returns policy and the fact they don't have an alternative! Clothes on ASOS, especially ""ASOS Design"" clothes are always hit and miss. In most cases, a huge miss for me - I feel the design and quality of the materials are not great. Ordered 3 pairs of shorts. All my usual sizes. The ASOS design pair were paper thin and poor quality. One of the branded pair were just not the right look and the 3rd pair of shorts was a whole size down. I measured the waist and it was incorrect, despite the label. How can there be huge differences in sizes? I created a return within 28 days but my daughter fell seriously ill and had to be admitted to hospital. I ended up returning the items one week late! Got an email after the arrived back at ASOS to say return rejected. I appreciate you have a strict returns policy but sometimes the human element is lost with these large companies. Sometimes things/life can get out of our control and this is a prime example of an unexpected event. You should have an alternative option of a credit note that satisfies both parties. What is the point of sending me clothes that do not fit and I do not want? Having chat AI chat bots is so frustrating as you hope a human being would understand the situation and make special considerations! Very disappointed. Not sure I want to buy again in a hurry!",1,2026-06-02 12:06:01+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Still waiting on my order nearly 3…,"Still waiting on my order nearly 3 weeks later, customer service no help at all. Ive contacted them numerous times. Terrible company,  would not order from missguided again..",1,2026-06-02 10:05:24+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,POOR CUSTOMER SERVICES,"Ordered items for next day delivery - this company uses the worst carrier, namely Royal Mail that doesn't meet their delivery targets. Told to wait 24 hours but the item still didn't arrive told to wait another 24 hours still no sign of the next day delivery item. Been provided with conflicting information by customer services- will never order from ASOS again.",1,2026-06-02 06:38:45+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Product were absolute rubbish,"Product were absolute rubbish, very low quality. Then stiffed me on returns short changing me on refund l. Short changing customers great strategy",1,2026-06-01 21:21:46+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,I ordered from Boohoo and paid for next…,"I ordered from Boohoo and paid for next day delivery, but my parcel was never even handed over to the courier. After contacting customer service, I was told to get back in touch if there was no update and a refund would be arranged. However, when I contacted them again, I was instead told that they needed to “investigate” the issue, leaving me still waiting with no parcel and no refund. I have now also been asked to wait a further two days for the ‘seller’ to respond, which is confusing as the issue appears to be entirely due to the seller’s actions. The lack of a timely resolution has made what should have been a straightforward process unnecessarily frustrating. It’s extremely annoying to pay extra for next day delivery and then not receive the order at all, especially when the issue appears to be on Boohoo’s side. The communication has been inconsistent, and the whole process has taken far longer than it should. Very disappointing experience.",1,2026-06-01 21:21:30+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Disappointed & poor customer service,"Disappointed. Been a loyal Boohoo customer for years, pay for the annual premium delivery service and today have been let down by them. Placed an order last night which all seemed fine, got my order confirmation etc. all as expected. Only to find this morning I had the dispatch note with an extra added to my order! They'd added some new ""worry free postage"" fee on that I didn't select and wasn't on my original order confirmation but magically appeared on the dispatch email. So I contacted customer services who have basically said I added it myself and there are no refunds, no exceptions. Really disappointing when I have screenshots of both before it was added on my original order and the dispatch email where it was added. It was only £3 but if they do that to everyone then say it's not our problem then they're going to make a killing off it. I will not be shopping here again! Avoid!",1,2026-06-01 20:44:12+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,"Faulty shoes, zero accountability","I purchased a pair of sneakers from ASOS for over £100. After only 5-6 wears within the first month, the outsoles deteriorated significantly — a clear manufacturing defect. When I contacted customer care they acknowledged the issue but refused to cover return postage despite being legally required to do so for faulty goods under the Consumer Rights Act 2015. I am currently abroad and they would not provide an international return label or offer any alternative remedy. After multiple escalations including to a manager, I was left with no resolution whatsoever. Extremely disappointing for a retailer of this size.",1,2026-06-01 19:06:19+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,THE WORST EXPERIENCE,THE WORST EXPERIENCE. It’s nearly impossible to work out how to return items,1,2026-06-01 18:10:23+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Took ages to deliver then when got here…,Took ages to deliver then when got here it is a piece of rag.  When I go onto the returns site it says none of my info ie email phone number or order number exists,1,2026-06-01 17:50:51+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,STEALING FROM CUSTOMERS,"If I could rate lower than 1 star I would. My experience with boohoo has been terrible! on the 10th of April 2026, I returned my boohoo order, a couple of days later Klarna reached out to me to advise boohoo have claimed to have not received this so I needed to provide proof of return. Several times this happened. I then spoke to Boohoo customer service via imessage, someone confirmed to me on the 23rd of April that they received my FULL return. On the 17th of May, I had an update on Klarna to advise I owed money- which is strange as I had returned all items and even had confirmation from boohoo they received this, I reached out to them again via imessage and was told there was nothing they could do as over a month had passed (SHOCKING!), I then emailed their customer service, which has been ongoing for a while now. On the 17th of May I received confirmation again that they have got my return and I was told to wait 8 working days for this to be investigated and for me to get my refund. 8 working days passed, I reached out to boohoo again and was told I received the refund in April (which is not correct as only part was returned to me), I told them to re-read my email trail and come back to me with an update, I was told I needed to wait a further 7 working days for it to be investigated...so what was the previous 8 working days for? I explained I cannot wait another 7 working days and needed an update and the full refund ASAP, I got a response saying it is being investigated and I need to wait 48 hours... Customer service has been awful, I cannot believe you are refusing to give me my refund back even though you have confirmed on several occasions you received the full return. DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY UNLESS YOU WANT THEM TO STEAL YOUR MONEY. I asked to speak to a manager to escalate my complaint and was asked 'why, there is nothing a manager can do that our admin team can't' well the admin team apparently can't even give me the refund I deserve. Not even a single apology, this has been going on for almost 2 months now. I will NOT be using Boohoo ever again and I will be taking this further. I have been a loyal/regular customer with boohoo over the years and I am appalled at how I am being treated.",1,2026-06-01 17:01:41+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,I’m unlucky I think with Boohoo,"I’m unlucky I think with Boohoo, everything I have bought has been substandard. Faulty items coming, I bought a really pretty dress, long enough (I can struggle here as have ling kegs) however I just could walk in it, it needed a split in it that’s all! Fit perfectly otherwise. I ordered shorts, they were cheap, just to thruw on fur hols, one leg was clearly longer than the other. I couldn’t dirt a return easily online, as ‘boohoo’ was not recognised with evri! But the Facebook DM was really quick to sort. others might be fine with boo-boo, not me.. Honestly, I’ve had better quality stuff from Temu and shein, get what you pay for I guess.. really gutted about the dress, was so pretty on, but need to be able to walk!",3,2026-06-01 16:57:29+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Customer Service is excellent,"Customer Service is excellent, I had an issue with some clothing, their response has been First Class, the issue dealt with and I am still a happy customer who will continue to purchase from Rapanui, special thanks to Sarah and Rich for their assistance.",5,2026-06-01 16:46:54+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Absolutely disgraceful customer…,Absolutely disgraceful customer service! Been trying to get a resolution to my complaint since last Wednesday and every correspondence is system generated! Not looking into all previous information I have sent! Still not received my parcel and nobody taking ownership! Absolute shambles,1,2026-06-01 14:54:50+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,AVOID AT ALL COSTS,"AVOID AT ALL COSTS. The clothes that I ordered arrived but the sizing was wrong and had to return all of the items. The returns process is difficult and confusing. I have not received a refund or acknowledgment of my return, although Evri have emailed to say the return had been delivered. I have emailed customer services who asked me to add some further information. I did as I was asked and have sent follow up emails which have been ignored.",1,2026-06-01 14:21:09+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Paid for next day delivery,"Paid for next day delivery, this hasnt happened. EVRI will not update where my parcel is, and boohoo do not answer whatsapp/facebook, just a continual generic message. I still have no order or refund for paying extra for a parcel ive never received!! Its very frustrating you cant speak to anyone. I specifically chose next day to take away with me.",1,2026-06-01 13:53:42+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,My package was not delivered at my…,"My package was not delivered at my house and the package delivery had made a mistake. The customer service wouldn’t help me at all. In the end, I now have paid for a package that I have never even seen and Asos isn’t willing to do anything about it.",1,2026-06-01 13:50:03+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Wonderful company great clothes,Loved my dungarees great quality but to big! Had to return for smaller size which fit perfectly. What I am really impressed with is their customer service it was exemplary as several emails were exchanged due to refund/discount etc nothing was too much trouble so thank you Lucy & yak shining example how to treat customers 🥰,5,2026-06-01 12:27:09+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,BREAKING GDPR laws,BREAKING GDPR laws. I've requested to have my account deleted at the start of 2026! It is JUNE and it has not been deleted despite me constantly requesting this nonstop. Would not recommend this brand at all!,1,2026-06-01 11:28:09+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Never again,"Never again! Who would have thought returning a faulty item would be so bureaucratic. It has been a month and I've only just received my refund now and they had the audacity to retain £2 for the returns process. Boohoo claimed they could not find the order against the order number issued by them? I honestly thought I was being scammed by email rather than chatting to a major online retailer. After sending emails upon emails, receiving links that do not work, to finally returning the item, I was receiving inconsistent advice about how the refund would be processed and had to prove postage by sending not only proof of postage but delivery as well, bizarre and not what you would expect from a seemingly successful retailer. The entire experience is a turn off and I will never be buying anything from them again. It made me wonder what kind of cowboy operation was running behind the scenes. It's also concerning that they are not following GDPR and had my information saved from 10 years ago, which became apparent when they were referencing old details",1,2026-06-01 09:40:13+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Extremely Poor Customer Service and NO help for vulnerable people,"**Extremely Poor Customer Service – Still Unable to Return £400+ Worth of Items** I am extremely disappointed with the level of customer service I've received from Boohoo regarding a return worth over £400. I followed the return process and selected multiple items to return. Boohoo originally sent my order in several separate parcels, yet I was only provided with one return code. When I attempted to arrange the return, I was later informed that I would need separate return codes for separate parcels. However, there appears to be no way to cancel or amend the original return request, leaving me completely stuck. Despite contacting customer service multiple times, nobody has been able to resolve what should be a straightforward issue. The AI chat was unhelpful, and several customer service agents either failed to understand the problem or simply repeated that a return had already been created, despite me explaining multiple times that the issue was the inability to obtain the correct return labels. One response completely ignored the actual concern, and follow-up messages went unanswered. My biggest concern is that while I continue trying to get help, I could end up outside the returns timeframe through no fault of my own. I have the items packed and ready to send back, but I cannot do so because Boohoo has not provided a workable solution. As a long-standing customer, I expected far better support, particularly when trying to return such a significant order value. The lack of communication, ownership and urgency shown throughout this process has been incredibly frustrating. I would strongly urge Boohoo to improve its returns process and ensure customer service agents are empowered to resolve issues rather than sending customers in circles. I am heavily pregnant and about to be due on maternity leave so would be considered vulnerable under Consumer Duty and the Financial Ombudsman, something that boohoo doesn’t seem to be experienced in as I’ve been fobbed off at every communication possible. Feel so so let down and will not be shopping with them again unfortunately.",1,2026-05-31 20:30:05+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Absolutely useless service,"Absolutely useless service Placed an order - UK1128677257 Paid for next day delivery and it didnt arrive, spoke to BOOHOO who offered no assistance and clearly had no interest at all. I am now trying to arrange a return but their system states my order number does not exist. You honestly could not make it up. I will be raising a claim with my Bank in the morning.",1,2026-05-31 18:58:51+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Awful experience,"Awful experience, each agent trying to get rid of you or pass you on to someone else by saying come back another day. Spoke with janap, did not do anything to help. Record of the conversation is there.  Managers waste your time and give you the same information. Don’t get no where, really frustrating",1,2026-05-31 17:56:11+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,I am extremely disappointed with…,"I am extremely disappointed with Misguided's customer service. I ordered three pairs of jeans, but none were suitable, so I returned all of them via recorded delivery. I have the tracking numbers and photographic proof showing that the parcel was successfully delivered to the company. Since then, I have contacted Misguided multiple times regarding my refund. Each time, I have been told that the refund has already been processed. However, I paid through PayPal and, after speaking directly with PayPal, they have confirmed that no refund has been received or issued to my account. Despite providing evidence that the return was delivered, l am still without my money and have been given conflicting information. This has been a very frustrating and time-consuming experience. I would advise anyone returning items to keep all proof of postage and delivery. I expect Misguided to investigate this properly and issue the refund that I am owed.",1,2026-05-31 16:49:21+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,"Any defense on why I should continue to be a customer?"".","I don't know why this company is still in business with off-shooting their ""customer service"" to AI chatbox and Indian correspondents. No answers, accountability, or professionalism here. My package wasn't even shipped. They lied multiple times throughout the process and I have had to take the initiative at every turn. I have sat on the chatbox for over an hour asking for explanations about why my order wasn't fulfilled and shipped. They lied and said they shipped it and said it was coming. Royal Mail provided proof that said otherwise. I asked for a simply promo code, they offered 10% which was frankly offensive. Then after having me wait an additional 25 mins, they took away the promo code entirely and had no more details to give. They are hold over +£85 quid for a month (refund processing) with no information. Shout to Neel , Mazhar, Zaraah for provided no customer service. No answer to: ""Any defense on why I should continue to be a customer?"". They ended the chat providing no customer service.",1,2026-05-31 16:44:09+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Cheap Chinese shit,Cheap Chinese shit. Terrible quality looks 110% fake. Material is really thin cheap nasty horrible.!! Do not order anything from Asos it looks 10/10 on the pictures makes you think its coming from the UK and its not. Another Chinese company scamming and conning people.,1,2026-05-31 15:54:52+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,DO NOT BUY from his company!!!,"DO NOT BUY from his company!!!!  They have sent me the wrong size on the last 2 dresses I’ve purchased and they charge me shipping and processing fees when I return them.  It’s their mistake and they still punish me.  I was told I could just return the dress, provide proof of purchase, and they would send out my correct size that I ordered.  I did all of this and they did not honor their word.  They reimbursed me the cost of the dress minus the shipping and processing fees.  I was told I didn’t need to worry about these fees from one customer service agent and then I never got to talk to this person again.  It’s been email after email after email with all different agents, I think they use chat bots to automatically respond and I can’t talk to a real person.  They take forever to get back to you.  I’ve been dealing with this for over a month now because they are not timely with responding.  If I could give them a negative 100 stars I would.  They will rip you off, do not shop on this website and give them your hard earned money.  HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE, and THEY ARE THIEVES THAT STEAL FROM YOU!!",1,2026-05-31 15:31:52+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Won't be buying from here again,Won't be buying from here again! Some of the clothes I ordered are from Shein. Can't seem to make a return either so im stuck with the items. Don't bother!,1,2026-05-31 13:34:59+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Joke,I wished I’d looked here before purchasing two t shirts.  What a joke of an experience can’t use the gift card given as a cheaper refund.  Where’s the policing of this site. Avoid avoid avoid,1,2026-05-31 00:47:20+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Worst experience ever.,"It would be Zero stars if this was an option... Very disappointed with my experience after using Boohoo for many years. After returning several items from my order, my refund was not handled correctly, and I ended up paying more than I should have for the items I kept. I also incurred a late payment fee as a result of the issues with my account due to their delays. What has been most frustrating is the way the matter has been handled. Resolving a straightforward refund issue has taken far more time and effort than it should have, and I have been left repeatedly chasing for answers rather than receiving clear, accurate support! As a long-standing customer, I expected much better. Unfortunately, this experience has completely eroded my confidence in the company, and as a result, you have lost a valued customer. There is a clear need for improvement in customer service, particularly when dealing with complaints and refund disputes. Customers deserve timely, knowledgeable, and personalised support from people who can properly investigate and resolve issues, rather than generic responses that fail to address the concerns being raised. I cannot recommend a company that handles customer issues in this way and hope serious improvements are made to prevent others from having a similar experience. However, reading other reviews this is clearly a standard way of working. Be better Boohoo.",1,2026-05-31 00:40:43+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Bought two items and paid for next day…,"Bought two items and paid for next day delivery, it said would be delivered between 11am and 13pm which was why I paid the extra. Still not arrived in fact the courier states two days delivery. Boohoo claim will be here by 9pm? Hardly next day and courier says might be tomorrow. Now going round the houses to get my delivery charge refunded.  Ooh now passed to another department. Guess what they are busy. They even admitted the information I was given was wrong!!!!",1,2026-05-30 16:38:02+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,ASOS what happened?,"ASOS what happened? Used to be the best, Great clothes, Prices and Sales. Customer service second to none. For some AI has helped grow business. For ASOS it is your single biggest FAIL POINT> Get rid of your chatbot. I eventually gave up and chose to lose the £13.99 rather than spend another second trying to comminucate with something that has no brain, technically a glorified dictionary! Really dissapointed. I feel major companies should be forced to use a percentage of human customer service representatives. I gave 3 stars as i hope you take customer replies seriously and buck your ideas up!",3,2026-05-30 16:29:35+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Easy ordering experience,Easy ordering experience. Good customer service. Could do with an account system to track and manage orders.,4,2026-05-30 15:13:03+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Total violation of consumer rights,"Extremely poor experience with ASOS. They sent the wrong product (women’s trainers when not advertised as such), and despite me returning the item using their approved process with full proof of posting and confirmed delivery to their warehouse, they have refused to issue a refund. Customer service has been unhelpful and evasive, no email address or phone number, only a chat service which quickly and repeatedly deflects the issue onto an “account mismatch” with Apple ID sign-in rather than addressing the actual order and return evidence. Communication is effectively non-existent beyond scripted chat responses, and my case was ultimately dropped without resolution. I now have no product, no refund, and no meaningful way to contact anyone who will take responsibility. For a major retailer, this level of service is unacceptable.",1,2026-05-30 14:32:03+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Such a horrible,Such a horrible costumer service. I have received an email saying that my premium has been extended till 31st of may but same time when I go into the buying something is saying that I don’t have premium and trying to charge me for the delivery. Did try to contact costumer services through the messages for good two weeks but they kept disappearing for few days and after coming back asking the same questions to send them screenshots. Seriously im sick and tired of it and just to let u know I will never pay yearly premium with you anymore. And also I would suggest that no one should be paying for this company as they are time wasters.,1,2026-05-30 13:00:54+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Absolute terrible customer service,"Absolute terrible customer service. Quick enough to take your money but don't respond when you have an issue. I have an issue with my account which they cant resolved therefore I am due a refund which they are not dealing with. I keep getting a message on customer service saying they are busy, I have received the same message all week",1,2026-05-30 11:33:35+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Trying to return a dress that doesn’t…,"Trying to return a dress that doesn’t fit, and the return process is a nightmare. The system asks for my address to find a drop-off location, but every address I enter comes back with “No locations found.” So how exactly am I supposed to return this item? Customer returns shouldn’t be this complicated.",1,2026-05-30 05:36:39+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Probably the worst customer service,"Probably the worst customer service, i’m waiting for a refund for an order i sent back a month ago, i’ve got in contact with them but i never get to speak to a person it’s only that horrible ai bot,",1,2026-05-30 05:02:24+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Paid for premium next day delivery and…,Paid for premium next day delivery and waited 13 days for my package. Spoke to customer service who were no help.,1,2026-05-29 22:30:04+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,"This company is rubbish, do not use.","This company is rubbish, do not use. I ordered a prom dress for my daughter, 14 days later when I make enquiries they stated that it has not left the warehouse. I got a refund and will be taking my money elsewhere.",1,2026-05-29 22:05:09+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Don’t pay for Premier next day delivery,"I pay for Premier next day delivery. The last few orders have either not arrived or been over a week late. If you complain ASOS won’t do anything until the order has eventually arrived and then you are allowed to return it. I’ve ordered a dress for a wedding and shoes to go on holiday. Both time sensitive. ASOS doesn’t care. The AI bot can’t cope. They put you through to an agent, who doesn’t respond….",1,2026-05-29 21:59:55+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Great company.,Great company. Usually go out of their way to help. Comfort Club is a big plus.,5,2026-05-29 20:18:24+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Will not buy anything from primark…,"Will not buy anything from primark again. Everything became rubbish quality. Bought recently a duvet, it has such a bad petrol smell it doesn't disappear after airing outside. New pyjamas gone to charity terrible seams and stitching. Won't even bother to go inside any primark again.",1,2026-05-29 20:16:01+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Do not pay next days delivery,I bought a chest of drawers from Debenhams website sold by boohoo and it didn’t come next day even though I paid extra ! Opened a dispute with clear pay for a refund as the customer service is shocking,1,2026-05-29 17:43:43+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Scammed by boohoo -,"Ordered 2 items that arrived incredibly late, despite regular updates saying it was on its way. Returned one of the items (a denim bandeau jumpsuit worth £41.25) within a few days of receiving as it was too big. Waited a couple of weeks for the refund and was told to wait longer. Contacted them again today only to be told that’s now it’s been over a month they are keeping the money and returned item. How is this even legal? Awful. This is the first time I’ve ever returned an item to them.",1,2026-05-29 14:17:16+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,If i could rate less than one star I…,If i could rate less than one star I would don't waste your time and money placed order for two items didn't even arrive. Contacted them said they will let me know when they ship it out 2 weeks now and 3 emails later no response. Will be contacting my bank to issue a refund. Clothes look nice on the website so you feel inticed to buy but not worth the stress ... I needed the item for an event had to order something else. God knows where they are getting there clothes from it can't take that long to ship out an item!!!,1,2026-05-29 14:16:22+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Why is it that I paid for next day…,"Why is it that I paid for next day delivery and 3 days later im still waiting.  Not happy and it will be returned if I receive it. Evri who you use is definitely not up to the task, I suggest you use another company. At this point im not even interested in my order cause I needed days ago. So do better and I could do with a postage refund. Didn't get what I paid for.",1,2026-05-29 14:07:54+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Excellent T Shirts,"7 x Oversize Ts. Lovely to wear out of the pack. Kept one for reference and 3 washes in there's almost no shrink to others. Excellent quality, comfortable. Appear v durable. Small label does curl but is v easy to cut off. Going back for 7 more. Website simple, delivery as expected and packaging sensible.",5,2026-05-29 14:04:25+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,ASOS is THE WORST for returning,"ASOS is THE WORST for returning packages. I wanted to return my package, ASOS sent me a QR code for Mondial Relay cause that’s the only carrier they want to use, i went all the way to a different city for a Mondial Relay point, just to hear that my parcel is too heavy as ASOS had given me a QR code for a parcel under 1 kg. So, i had to go back home, contact ASOS again, after a long wait they finally told me i had to split my parcel into three different parcels, they gave me three different QR codes for this. So, i went back to the Mondial Relay point, showed the three QR codes, just to hear that one of the QR codes is for a completely different person! They gave me a QR code of a woman from the Netherlands! I have no idea how this is possible, but either way, i had to AGAIN contact ASOS and ask for a new QR code. I’m currently still waiting for that one and losing my patience. Never order here.",1,2026-05-29 13:14:58+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Won’t shop here again!,The tracking and order was unorganised and unprofessional. When I finally received my purchase it didn’t fit even though the sizing for that product matched my measurements. So I returned it for another size which wasn’t easy I had to order the new product separately as they don’t do exchanges I got a refund which was a lot less than what I paid. I am mostly happy with the product I have now except that it has a lot of creases and because of the material I am unable to iron it. Definitely won’t be using this website again!,1,2026-05-29 13:05:12+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Stay away from them they steal your…,Stay away from them they steal your money product never arrived because they use multiple logistic so you can’t keep track tell you stories what a Scam this is Australia what a joke,1,2026-05-29 12:39:02+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Good quality clothing,"Good quality clothing, reasonable pricing and excellent customer service.",5,2026-05-29 10:30:34+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,,Kai has been very helpful trying to locate my order.Unfortunately it hasn’t arrived and most likely lost.,2,2026-05-29 07:42:47+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,SCAMMERS! Strongly advise you to AVOID!!!,"AVOID!! Please be aware that 99% of positive reviews for Missguided are PRE their Shein takeover in Oct 2023. It has now changed hands and is not the same. Now, if you need to return anything, it will be a nightmare. I am still waiting for a refund despite returning the items at my own expense via a tracked, signed-for service. They tried to tell me they issued my refund on 9th May 2026. PayPal said no, they did not!! This whole experience has left me feeling completely scammed! Absolute LIARS, this is so dishonest of them. How they get away with this, I do not know.",1,2026-05-29 05:09:53+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Amazing company,"Amazing company, so glad I have found. Purchased some new t-shirts firstly and they are so soft and fit so well. Lovely colours too. I then ordered a jacket (which I had to get sent back to them to post back to a different address as I posted to a friends), they very kindly posted it back to me first class! Can’t wait for my jacket and will keep buying from here",5,2026-05-28 23:48:37+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,I've been an Asos customer for years…,"I've been an Asos customer for years now. I order from them monthly but support and customer services is going more and more downhill. I ordered over £100 in sunscreen for my upcoming holiday, I'm a Premier customer. 2 of the 7 items I ordered arrived,  the box was fully ripped apart. Asos agreed to replace but not by next day delivery as 'it's a replacement'. Yes....not because an issue of mine but of their couriers. 2 hours of chats between me and Asos with no apology or resolution. Too many good companies out there so no need to continue with these tools.",1,2026-05-28 23:23:36+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,"A loyal customer for over a decade, but this was my last order.","I used to love ASOS but they're a joke now. I created a return May 18th, the received it May 23rd but on live chat said the refund won't be processed until June 2nd and takes 10 days so will be received June 12th - almost a month after sending!! I quoted consumer rights where it stated refunds should be within 14 days of receipt. They said it's automatic and can't be overridden but after sticking to my guns it was suddenly refunded while on chat. They also penalise you for making returns now and remove premier if too many returns. Far too difficult to shop with, with so much other competition out there. Also no more birthday discounts. I think this order will be my last.",1,2026-05-28 22:16:38+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Absolutely shocking.,"Absolutely shocking.. returned goods on 09/04, contacted regarding not receiving a refund 04/05…proof of return provided been ongoing and now they are stating that as the return was over a month ago they are unable to assist further This is common theft! DO NOT TRUST BOOHOO or FASHION SZN.. absolutely disgraceful",1,2026-05-28 19:56:41+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,I purchased a pair of Nike trainers for…,"I purchased a pair of Nike trainers for my wife … a very long story short, after the stated “return period “ they still hadn’t “worn in” ie they were so tight on the bridge of the foot , they caused pins and needles . I liased with Nike and was told, as my payment was made to ASOS I would need to liaise with them .  As soon as I spoke to ASOS they obviously “chat gpt’d” a response stating my wife should wear thicker socks or remove the insoles… the trainers , in absolutely mint condition- yes ASOS required photo evidence basically were and are not fit for purpose so I stated this again to ASOS and guess what ??? No reply , no response, not interested…. ASOS, you are happy to take my money , ASOS you are selling items unfit for purpose and you cannot be bothered to support the people that pay your wages …. Look at the feedback - enough said.",1,2026-05-28 18:59:30+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,One star too many!,One star too many! Massive communication issues. My returns parcel was sent back to me instead of being delivered to BooHoo. I have tried for a week now to contact them to resolve the issue and I feel I am being ignored. In the meantime my payment of £100 is due to leave my account for items I am desperate to return. They are uninterested and extremely unhelpful when you eventually get a reply via their email service. Their online chat service is even worse! I will never shop there again. I still await my refund.,1,2026-05-28 16:32:48+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Let’s stop editing the colour of items in photo !????,This is the second time I have bought an item from asos in pastel pink and it’s arrived looking nothing like the colour at all … can’t wait for the 2-5 business months to get my return refund!,1,2026-05-28 14:17:53+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Shocking customer service 3.5 hours for a returns label,"3.5 hours over 2 days and multiple chats cut off to get a returns label they should have sent me in the first place. When I asked to log a formal complaint I was told I could not but a note has been made, when I asked for compensation I was told nothing can be done and when I asked to speak to a manager I was told that they would just tell me the same thing. I don’t know how they get away with it?",1,2026-05-28 12:28:41+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,ASOS Expects Customers to Monitor Return Percentages Without Providing Transparency,"ASOS’s new Fair Use Policy has completely changed the way I shop on their site. I’m currently sitting at a 60% return rate and now feel anxious every time I place an order because I don’t know whether returning genuine sizing or fit issues could push me over the 70% threshold and affect my ability to renew Premier. What frustrates me most is that the return rate is calculated over a rolling 12 months, even though this stricter policy only came into effect in February while my Premier membership started before that under completely different shopping expectations. If customers had been reset to zero when the policy changed, I would have adjusted the way I shop much earlier. Instead, it feels like previous shopping behaviour is now being judged under a stricter system that didn’t exist at the time. Online fashion shopping already involves guesswork. Different brands size differently, items don’t always look the same in person as they do online, and as someone tall and between sizes, returns are sometimes unavoidable. The biggest issue for me is transparency. Customers are told to “monitor their return rate carefully”, but ASOS would not provide me with a proper account-specific breakdown showing exactly how my percentage had been calculated. As a result, I now feel like I have to significantly reduce shopping with ASOS altogether to avoid being penalised. I understand retailers need to manage excessive returns, but the way this has been introduced has completely changed my confidence in shopping with ASOS and no longer feels like a relaxed shopping experience.",1,2026-05-28 12:13:33+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Avoid this company,"The clothes are poor quality, do not expect a refund for a return anytime fast (you also pay for returns which is even more of a joke) and same automated messages sent over and over with absolutely no help. Avoid, avoid, avoid.",1,2026-05-28 11:22:59+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Exemplary customer care,Excellent response from Teemills team when I queried the predicted delivery date. Top customer care as ever,5,2026-05-28 11:17:50+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Probably the worst company Ive ordered…,"Probably the worst company Ive ordered from ! Late delivery times, damaged products ! Poor customer service!",1,2026-05-28 10:36:43+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,If I could give it 0 stars I would,"If I could give it 0 stars I would. I have been waiting for a refund onto a giftcard since FEBRUARY. I have spoken to around 7 different people telling me there has been an “issue” but has now been resolved. Which is a bare faced lie It has gotten to a point where I have no other choice but to report it to trading standards, they are lying about trying to refund me and they are lying about even trying to resolve the issue. It is very clear they are keeping my money from in the hope that I will give up but I will not for the sheer principle of it. I wouldn’t mind but I didn’t even want my original order refunded onto a giftcard, another joke this company has implemented. GIVE ME MY MONEY BACK!!!!!!! If it wasn’t for the money sat on this giftcard I would never give this company a penny of my money again. Boohoo must be haemorrhaging money based on all the reviews of them trying to keep money from customers ie STEALING",1,2026-05-28 09:43:15+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,,"Slow delivery, slow support, inconvenient exchange options, feel like I have wasted my time. At least the parcel was received.",2,2026-05-28 02:03:55+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Wrong item + No follow-up,"I had ordered a specific type of skirt and paid for delivery with DHL. Got the item surprisingly fast- however the item I got wasn't what I had ordered at all. The skirt they sent me had the same colour as the one I had ordered, and on the tag was written the name of the product I had actually ordered. Obviously I did not get what I ordered or else I would not be writing here. It was hard to contact their customer service but I eventually got through with email. The person I talked to was surprisingly very fast with his responses and confirmed the mistake they had done. I was informed that their ""specialist team"" would contact me ""soon"" to take a closer look at my case and help me. It's been 17 days now and no ""specialist team"" has contacted/reached out to me. I contacted them yesterday and told them that no one had contacted me and that I wanted a refund. Unsurprisingly I didn't get any response. I've bought boohoo clothes second hand and they've always been great so I decided to try and buy directly from them. A big mistake that was. I will never order from them again and just continue shopping second hand. I had high expectations of this company and now I am just disappointed and stuck with an item I did not order.",1,2026-05-28 00:26:23+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,I won’t use this website again,"I won’t use this website again. The customer service is pretty much non existent. No one gets back to email enquiries. I purchased 3 items in October 2025, it is now May 2026 and 1 of the items I returned (kept other 2) was never refunded and no one is interested in responding to help with the refund. I would avoid unless you are certain you will keep all items you are ordering.",1,2026-05-27 22:37:37+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Voucher policy is a fraud,"ASOS’s voucher policy, which locks store credit to the exact region where it was issued, feels like a scam. It’s an artificial limitation with no real logic behind it, other than making it impossible for customers from Russia to use their funds after the war started. Four years later, my store credit is still frozen, with an expiration date and no practical way to use it, even though I now live in Europe. Shameful. Never again.",1,2026-05-27 22:28:14+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,"BEAUTIFUL DRESS, HOWEVER ARRIVED WORN.","I love the dress. It is beautiful. The shoulder style is standout. The colour is perfect for me/ my style. The price was reasonable. However, I was so very disappointed to receive a dress that smelt of BO under one armpit and of someone else’s perfume. There were no labels attached. I contacted customer care and was offered an exchange. However, I know that the return would not have been accepted due to signs of wear and no labels. I was offered 20% off my next purchase. I would have accepted a compensation partial refund. A 20% off next purchase I advised to be of no use as I would not reorder based on receiving a non new item. I believe all customers should receive a new item. I believe if reasonable concern raised, then a reasonable offer could/ should be made. Disappointed in ASOS’s response.",1,2026-05-27 22:06:31+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,They are a shambles,"The most awful customer service. Took 6 weeks to get my refund on my return, in the end had to take it through Resolver. The customer service department is a shambles.",1,2026-05-27 21:09:04+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Extremely disappointed with Boohoo’s…,"Extremely disappointed with Boohoo’s delivery service—especially their decision to use Evri. What should have been a simple, straightforward delivery turned into a stressful and time-wasting experience. I was given inaccurate tracking updates, told to expect my parcel on a specific day, and ended up waiting around for nothing. No delivery, no proper explanation, and no accountability. It’s beyond frustrating when you plan your day around a delivery that never arrives. What makes it worse is that Boohoo continues to rely on a courier with such a poor reputation for reliability. As a customer, you’re left stuck between two companies, both pointing fingers and neither taking responsibility. This experience has completely put me off ordering again. If Boohoo wants to keep customers, they seriously need to reconsider who they trust with their deliveries—because right now, it’s just not good enough.",1,2026-05-27 20:15:30+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Horrible,"Horrible, horrible service. I purchased a pair of shoes that never arrived. Even though the ASOS team told me they were on the way, they never even left the warehouse. I then finally made a return for the shoes, and waited the 10 days for the money to return to my account. I still haven’t gotten my money back, and ASOS just keep telling me to wait. It feels like they stole from me and won’t give it back. I am never using ASOS again.",1,2026-05-27 19:07:42+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,ASOS customer support has been one of…,"ASOS customer support has been one of the most frustrating experiences I’ve had with online shopping. My parcel stopped moving on May 22 and neither ASOS nor Venipak have been able to clearly confirm where it actually is. For days I have been contacting support and instead of receiving real help, I keep getting repetitive template responses, changing deadlines, and requests to “wait a little longer”. First I was told May 27 was the final delivery deadline according to ASOS policy. Then suddenly the date changed to June 2 without any proper explanation. What is most disappointing is that due to all the delays and lack of action, the parcel will now miss the occasion it was originally ordered for. I understand delays can happen, but the lack of transparency, accountability, and actual problem solving has been extremely disappointing.",1,2026-05-27 18:49:31+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Paid for premium next day delivery,Paid for premium next day delivery. Three days later still don’t have my order. I’m going on holiday hence paid for next day delivery. Frustrating as the policy in regards to premium next day delivery is very unclear.,1,2026-05-27 17:58:06+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Do not buy from Boohoo,"Do not buy from Boohoo. Awful customer service. Returned an item that did not fit me, asked for a voucher as you get more money than a cash refund. Voucher did not work, then customer service said it was expired. Even though the voucher never worked in the first place. Took my money, absolute scammers. Worst customer service too, take ages to reply, don’t reply or all tell you the same thing. Avoid.",1,2026-05-27 17:42:59+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,I am beyond frustrated with this…,"I am beyond frustrated with this company I send an item back weeks ago and I opted gift card. I have been going round in circles with the on the iMessage chat, they keep telling me they will resolve it the end the chat. This has now been going on a week. I am very unhappy with the service and will be raising a formal complaint with this company. Don’t waste your time buying from here as they dont give your refund by gift card!!",1,2026-05-27 16:48:04+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Awful customer service,"I have been trying to get a refund for something for over a month now. Every time I chat with them it’s either the chatbot or a really unhelpful agent who doesn’t really seem to care. They have no email address to reach out to or a phone number. I will never order from them again, nightmare.",1,2026-05-27 16:28:27+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Deliver to the wrong address and steal your money,"My parcel was delivered to the wrong address, when I finally got it one month later they refused to let me return it as it was outside of the timeframe. I explained to them that I didn’t actually receive it until a month after the delivery date, and the assistant refused to help at all.",1,2026-05-27 14:40:30+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,if I could put 0 stars I would,"if I could put 0 stars I would, shocking experience, processing and delivery using a SNAIL would be quicker and AI everywhere, will never use them again a total waste of my time, an awful shopping experience and they are not the cheapest so no point dealing with them, just regret it!",1,2026-05-27 14:33:12+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Really pleased - great quality.,"I ordered a pair of women's joggers shorts. Lovely fit and great quality and I'm going to get so much wear out of them. I also ordered a multipack of kids tshirts. I had to exchange for a different size, which was really easy. My son loves the fit and design. So nice to find boys tshirts that are colourful and not gaming related, unlike on the high street!",5,2026-05-27 14:06:01+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Rip off,Their next day delivery time line is an absolute joke.,1,2026-05-27 14:01:28+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,terrible customer experience,"Ordered my partner some shoes for he birthday they strap broke on them after about half an hour's use. I requested a return stating the fact that they had broken. Week later I received an email that the return was rejected as it's not in original condition, of course it's not it's broken. Over an hour on chat with multiple agents and a daft chat bot. When asked for a phone number ASOS don't offer that so what could have been a 5 minute call took over an hour of my time on their mess up. Avoid like the plague.",1,2026-05-27 13:19:42+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,ASOS fails at inclusion,"This isn't just an ASOS problem. It's a problem across much of the UK fashion industry. But ASOS is a perfect example. ASOS sells thousands of men's clothing items. If you're a 28-inch waist, 30-inch waist, or need larger sizes all the way up to XXXXL and beyond, you'll find endless options. Entire pages of them. But if you're a naturally slim man with a 26 or 27-inch waist? Good luck. ASOS doesn't seem to sell shorts in my size at all.  Heck the jeans are very rare.  And everything else? Smart wear?  Well you can dream on.. thats never happening.. for some bizarre reason... Not one page. Not a small selection. Not even a handful of options hidden away somewhere. Just an endless wall of clothing that starts one or two sizes above where some of us actually exist. What I don't understand is why the industry treats smaller men's sizes as if they're some kind of mythical creature. Being short and slim isn't unusual. There are plenty of men with smaller frames, yet retailers act as though anyone below a 28-inch waist simply doesn't need clothes. The irony is that fashion brands rightly work hard to provide inclusive sizing at the larger end of the spectrum, but inclusivity seems to stop the moment you're a slimmer guy. Apparently it's completely normal to stock every size upwards, but not the sizes below. I genuinely don't understand the logic. Why am I unable to buy clothes that fit me from one of the UK's biggest clothing retailers? Why is having a healthy, slim build treated like an edge case? I'd love to buy your products. You just don't seem interested in selling them to people my size.",1,2026-05-27 12:44:37+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,I discovered Lucy & Yak purely by…,"I discovered Lucy & Yak purely by chance.  I bought a pair of dungarees and wondered if I'd suit them etc being 64+. I absolutely love them. Worn them once and have had huge compliments.  They are so stylish, comfortable,  trendy, I could go on. Love them.   The ease of ordering and receiving was fine for me. No issues at.  Will definitely purchase another pair. I also like the story behind the company too.",5,2026-05-27 12:39:04+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,excellent customer service,excellent customer service. when my order was lost in transit they quickly sent replacements.,5,2026-05-27 10:41:28+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Absolutely terrible service.,"Absolutely terrible service. Why an earth they would switch to Relay - a delivery company that is notoriously just a giant scam - is beyond me. The amount of negative reviews here based on having postage delays and they didn’t think to switch couriers? Have had a parcel that I paid next day delivery on just never be delivered. Every day they say they’re redelivering and every day no one shows up. Meanwhile the customer service is abysmal, impossible to get through to a real person and when you do it’s still impossible because the policies are ridiculous and they’ve outsourced customer service to non native english  speakers. They’ve been a huge online retailer for years and it seems crazy to me that they have a scam delivery company and unusable customer service just as a way to cut costs. Surely it’s lost them more money than it’s gained them with the amount of complaints I’m seeing? Whatever, never again. And I still want my £80 back.",1,2026-05-27 10:23:12+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Admirable company ethos but need to improve the customer service,This company deserves praise for selling organic clothing at a reasonable price point. However the quality has gone down a bit. I bought some plain cotton t shirts here last year by Stella/Stanley which were superb. I’ve gone to buy them again and they look the same on the website but the t shirts are made by someone else and were a different shape and weight of cotton. Not what I wanted so I returned them. I am taking a star off as 2 weeks later I am still waiting for a refund to show up in my bank account. They are also slow to reply to emails. I emailed them to enquire if they will be restocking the original plain t shirts I liked so much but have not had a reply weeks later. I have been chasing up the refund and they have responded to those emails. The original purchase and delivery was smooth but the returns and refund process has been disappointing.,4,2026-05-27 09:44:06+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Everything is always out of stock…,Everything is always out of stock litterally,1,2026-05-27 09:29:11+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Perfect Sweatshirt,Seeing other people's recent reviews makes me think my experience was just a lucky one. I was searching for a replacement sweatshirt for my daughter and ASOS was the only one who carried it since it has gone out of production. I received the item in a decent amount of time in the size I ordered and she was thrilled with it.,5,2026-05-27 02:01:27+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Avoid at all costs,Avoid at all costs. Terrible customer service! Have had problems with my premium delivery which I paid £9.99 for and has taken them 2 weeks of back and forth telling me to wait 48 hours to work again before I gave up bothering. Paid for the standard delivery and now they have lost my parcel AGAIN. Shocking,1,2026-05-26 21:59:48+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Terrible - once my items are returned I wont be using this company ever again,Terrible Service! - I pay for next day delivery only to receive packages  a week later. - I made 4 orders for clothing from their concession brands but the concession label has no evidence of the orders being made and i'm therefore stuck with £300 of products that cannot be returned or refunded. - Customer service is absolute trash. AI bots who transfer to people who respond 3-5 days later asking the same questions repeatedly but reply a day or 2 later. I'm literally just going around in a loop - I have items with a hole in it! Why is it so hard to return?,1,2026-05-26 21:29:55+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,I can’t believe you can’t speak to an…,"I can’t believe you can’t speak to an actual person in customer service anymore! My package is delayed and I have zero update or able to get information on this. The wedding is THIS FRIDAY and I ordered 5 days ago. It’s saying it’s going to be delivered on Friday, I ordered is 5 days ago. This is NOT good enough, I pay for express delivery. Never again.",1,2026-05-26 21:02:48+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Customer service unwilling to resolve obvious pricing issue,"I was very disappointed by my recent experience with this webshop. I have been a loyal customer for years, which makes this situation even more frustrating. I purchased a Mango top for 29,99€ only to discover less than a week later that the exact same item was being sold for 22,99€ on both Mango’s official website and ASOS at the regular retail price, not as part of any promotion or discount. When I contacted customer service to ask about the price difference and request a refund of the overpaid amount, I was simply told that pricing is determined internally and that nothing could be done. What I find especially disappointing is that they still insisted that 29,99€ was a “correct price,” despite the item being reduced by €7 within barely a week! Very disappointing customer service and pricing policy. Charging above the regular retail price without offering any solution or goodwill gesture does not feel customer-friendly at all.",1,2026-05-26 18:09:07+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Poor product and appalling customer service,"Horrendous! I ordered garden furniture that came broken. I decided to get a carpenter to put it together and requested one of the pieces be replaced as it came completely broken in half and a significant refund. Instead I had another set delivered (not requested) and it was equally as bad quality with the holes not aligning, not enough bolts. I’ve tried via every way to get in contact and keep being passed to different people who have no clue and the process starts again. I want the second set picked up asap and a refund. It’s been appalling and concerns a purchase that I spent a lot on. It’s been a month since I ordered and I need this sorted.",1,2026-05-26 17:56:30+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,I will never purchase from them again,"I will never purchase from them again.  They have me jumping through so many hoops to get a refund that at some point I will tell them to keep it as I don’t have the time for their games. They confirmed they have received the return & the refund would be made.  But I have received nothing.  Now when I query it, they say they have no record of the order #.  Lesson learned!",1,2026-05-26 17:03:52+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Multi Vendor Orders - Poor Customer Service,"I’ve had a really poor experience with ASOS returns, especially on a multi‑vendor order that included River Island. I followed River Island’s own return instructions and generated a separate return label, but the River Island label did not work at all. My ASOS label only allowed me to send one item back, so I ended up with two labels and no straightforward way to return everything. ASOS then issued another label and told me I’d be refunded once River Island confirmed delivery within 14 days. River Island later confirmed they had received the item, yet after 145 days I still had no refund and had to chase ASOS myself. When I asked to raise a complaint, the agent (Tyron) said he had done so and gave me a complaint reference number, but I later found out there is no complaints process and the reference number wasn’t real. The next agent took nearly an hour to admit this and could only offer guesses instead of clear answers. Overall, the customer service has been very poor and it feels like customers have to prompt ASOS at every stage just to get basic things like working return labels and refunds processed. This whole experience has put me off ordering from separate vendors through ASOS, and in future I’ll be splitting my orders instead, which will ultimately cost ASOS more to deliver. The only positive part of the whole experience was Payal, who apologised and clearly explained the lack of communication.",2,2026-05-26 16:42:04+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Very impressed,"I ordered 4 items and didn't check reviews. As the items had taken a little while, I looked at reviews and my heart sank! Such bad reviews. I am delighted! All the items were in a very good state, no smell and not wet. Folded really nicely. All 4 items are made well and of decent quality. Moreover, they all fit perfectly. I am pretty amazed after reading so many bad reviews on here. My experience has been excellent. Took a bit of time to arrive but nothing too bad. From what I bought, I highly recommend. Maybe I got lucky, I dont know but I can only rate by this order.",5,2026-05-26 15:29:20+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,The worst customer service ever,"The worst customer service ever! Reported an issue with not being able to login days ago (their own website pops up with a message saying ""System Upgrade - reset password""; you try and reset and the email never comes through. In the end, an extremely incompetent CSR named Cassidy tells me its an issue with Gmail and they are blocking the password reset email even though their own system tells you that there may be an issue - the most ridiculous, fob off I've ever experienced.",1,2026-05-26 14:46:18+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,The worst customer service I've ever…,"The worst customer service I've ever experienced. Slow replies, same default answers on repeat with no actual resolution, continually being told a ""specialist team"" will be in touch, and then not receiving any further communication. For this reason I won't be shopping with ASOS anymore and I'd advise anyone against them.",1,2026-05-26 12:26:23+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,I have been waiting 5days on WhatsApp…,"I have been waiting 5days on WhatsApp trying to liaise with boohoo customer service about not being able to access my boohoo account. Despite purchasing boohoo premier delivery requesting password reset numerous times and boohoo has still not resolved me getting access into my account despite numerous information I have given my email address, order number for the premier delivery and been told one minute to send screenshots of what error message I get signing in then being told they don't accept screenshots, it has been very distressing and every time they reply asking the same information over and over again throughout the day. I definitely would not recommend dealing with queries through the WhatsApp option. Now I will attempt through their email and if not then social media",1,2026-05-26 08:33:32+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,LIARS and FRAUDS,"LIARS and FRAUDS I ordered next day delivery through my Premier account on the 24th (early in the day) because I needed some urgent last minute items for my holiday.  I was reassured that the items would definitely arrive, despite it being a bank holiday and I specifically checked this as I would have ordered elsewhere if not. I waited in all day yesterday and was LIED to by boo hoo saying it’s definitely coming, please be reassured blah blah blah.  Waited until 7 or 8pm and got told oh sorry it’s coming on the 28th In what effing world is NEXT DAY from the 24th now accepted as 4 DAYS LATER.  I then get told oh it’s delayed so wait patiently until the 31st, 7 DAYS…..  What an absolute disgrace of a company.  I won’t even be here now so eff knows what will happen to the parcel seeing as tho, despite all the issues, they still continue to use the losers at Evri. Why do customers even pay for Premier to get this pathetic service and then pathetic customer service too, lying all day and then saying pls disregard previous messages. NEVER shopping at this company again now. Congratulations Boohoo.  Just lost a customer. Do better. And employ some customer service advisers who have actually had some training in manners",1,2026-05-26 07:38:23+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,You pay for delivery and returns,"The items I bought were better quality than expecting four out of five of the items. One looked so cheap it was just embarrassing that it was even manufactured, it was cut as though the scissors used were blunt, no hem. None of the dresses had pockets which is negative. Worst is that I paid £3.99 delivery and £1.99 return which has to be through Evri, InPost, Asda or DPD (£2.49 option). For this reason, I will not be ordering again.",3,2026-05-26 07:31:20+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Horrific Experience,Horrendous waiting time in the Dunfermline store today 25/05 /26  and extremely poor customer service from the duty manager called Margaret. She was extremely argumentative and no apology. What chance do her team stand when she is a very poor mentor. She needs to revisit customer service training.,1,2026-05-26 00:26:13+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,After being a customer for approx 20…,After being a customer for approx 20 years I'm now done with the decline in quality and poor customer service. I've spent thousands with them and I've only bothered to contact them when I've been completely frustrated to be met with poor customer service.  Customers are penalised for their return rates when the more poinient issue is the quality which is why items are being returned so frequently. In this instance it was a quality issue that I was told the fabric was that supplied. I would rather save my money than continue to purchase from ASOS. We the customer have options when it comes to purchasing goods online but aren't treated like we count or like our issues are valid! This particular item was in the sale and from past experience sale items tell me its likely an issue in quality! Next day isnt always next day and purchasing from their 'partners' can also be a pain for many reasons including next day and returns. Not that it will make a difference to ASOS but I will be closing my account for my own sanity. As i'm still waiting for my trainers that were due to be returned to me approx 4 years ago which is a whole other story but am still out of pocket for that and the poor service received at that time.,1,2026-05-25 21:59:32+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,I sent some items back to this company,"I sent some items back to this company. They charged my credit card. I sent most of the items back, but they said they never received the items. I got a confirmation stating that items were shipped back to the Atlanta HUD. They would not refund my $532.00. I had to file a complaint with my credit card.",1,2026-05-25 04:31:18+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Absolutely horrible customer service,"Absolutely horrible customer service, months later still waiting on my refund? service providers refuse to acknowledge your issue and insist they are correct, they dont even try to act like theyre bothered or care, now are just not responding. Furthermore, clothes smell WEIRD AS HELL? and the quality is a GAMBLE! sometimes great, other times its like wth? - hence the returns!  Honestly, biggest thing is customer service, only order something if your 100% sure you will keep it - if your going to return it dont bother you wont get your money.",1,2026-05-25 03:43:29+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Returns bad,"Returns very, very complicated - and at own cost. This needs simplifying. Avoid ordering as returning is (ok but it is so difficult to do) so tricky.",1,2026-05-24 17:35:46+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Avoid at all costs,"Placed an order in the 1st of May, never received it. Firstly I wasn’t aware this would be shipped from china. I initially messaged customer support to ask for a tracking update, they sent me the tracking number which is when I realised it was being shipped from china. Since the 8th of May the tracking hasn’t been update so I assumed lost. Customer support just told me to wait. I opened a dispute through Klarna as that’s how I paid but so the payment is currently under dispute, however customer support is refusing to help or refund me. AVOID",1,2026-05-24 13:37:42+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,I never leave reviews but i feel so…,"I never leave reviews but i feel so strongly about this situation and dont want anyone else to be robbed by boohoo..and in my case approx 164.00 ..heres my story. I placed a bulk order around christmas to try on different outfits for christmas day. I returned the items in january to boohoo, my grandad had passed away at the timeand  my mind was nit in a good place. In error i selected to be refunded by gift card and nit to original payment. I queried this with boohoo anf advised on my mistake but was told there is no way to undo my choice. Then when i tried to place another order there was information regarding my credit so emailed boohoo to find out what i needed to do...they advised after weeks of waiting for a reply that i had been awarded the gift card. I couodnt locate the giftcard, so i asked them to send me a copy or resend the email, they would not , i pleaded as i no idea where the gift card was , they emailed back to confirm it was issued in jan 2026 and that it wouod expire in 12 months. I emailed so many times to say i could not locate this gift card anywhere and asked for help to find it. Again,boohoo advusef when the gjdt card was issued BUT then advised it had now expired and there was no way to reinstate it so basically they have taken 164 off my money. I have queried and quieruef and now im just being ignored. I wouod highly recommend not to purchase from boohoo , they have robbed me, ignored me, no consideration whatsoever to my circumstances and i think big companies like this should not be allowed to behave in such ways. Theres nkt even a number you can call for escaltions. I really hope people read this to ensure they dont get robbed aswell.",1,2026-05-24 08:04:13+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Great quality clothes,"Great clothes, made to last, love my hoodie, comfy trousers, t-shirts. My last purchase was the underwear and it’s so soft and comfy!",5,2026-05-23 23:25:30+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Joke of a company,"I originally ordered on 9th may, estimated delivery date on or before 15th may, parcel never came I emailed on 16th of may and was told I would need to wait until 20th may so I waited and emailed again on that date when I STILL hadn’t received my parcel. I was told it was never sent to the courier and I could either wait 10 days for a refund which is ridiculous or have my parcel resent next day delivery. I opted for that but I wasn’t even informed that one of the items wouldn’t be sent and would be refunded as it was out of stock by then. Cut to today 23rd may and I receive a “your parcel is out for delivery” which is certainly NOT next day delivery but whatever. But because you’ve sent it which Royal Mail to an Inpost box the delivery is refused and sent back to you. So far you have had my money for TWO WEEKS and I STILL have not received the clothes I ordered. So I am now expected to wait another 10 days for a refund because you can’t make a simple delivery. The “customer service” you offer is a joke and so is your company!",1,2026-05-23 22:22:35+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Ordered urgently clothes for my son,Ordered urgently for my son who has arrived abroad with no clothes due to mislaid luggage. PAID EXTRA for next day delivery and ordered from boohoo site especially for this reason! Big mistake.,1,2026-05-23 19:21:15+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Absolutely awful,"Absolutely awful, have ordered previously and always returned via royal mail as this is the only option available to me. They have now removed this as an option and will not provide me with any help in returning my item. Would never use again.",1,2026-05-23 19:19:33+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Excellent customer service,Excellent customer service. Having had a defective item delivered contacted customer services who replied promptly and courteously. A replacement was sent out the same day.,5,2026-05-23 18:45:43+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Misleading descriptions lead to returns you pay for,"I bought a t-shirt that was supposed to be regular M, but what i received was a very relaxed cut that was more like an XL and of bad material. Despite that being their fault, Asos charges me 4.68 for sending it back. I had a similar case before and contacted their so-called customer service and they refused a free return -  just not worth the hassle and the money.",2,2026-05-23 13:23:12+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Bought an item that’s poorly made,"Bought an item that’s poorly made. Massive hole in the lapel of a night gown, where it has not been sewn properly. Like others the return is confusing and looks like I have to pay to return. Emailed to query and they asked for more pictures. Now nothing. I’d never order from here again!",1,2026-05-23 11:53:52+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,I contacted Boohoo on Wednesday…,"I contacted Boohoo on Wednesday regarding returning an item that was not as described. I was told to email a strange separate email address for returns/issues, which I did straight away, and since then I have heard absolutely nothing back. I now have an item sitting here that I desperately want to return, but getting any kind of proper response feels impossible. The live chat agent I spoke to was actually quite nice, so at first I thought everything would go smoothly, but now I honestly feel like I’m at the beginning of a nightmare trying to sort this out. Customers should not have to chase and chase just to return an item that does not match the description. If this is not resolved properly, I will be contacting Trading Standards regarding the matter.",1,2026-05-23 11:34:58+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Very poor customer service.,Very poor customer service. Very poor quality clothes. Trouble obtaining refund. Ripping people off.,1,2026-05-23 08:00:22+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Giving Joshua from customer care all…,Giving Joshua from customer care all the 5 starts since I was unable to rate our conversation through the chat. He’s helped so much with my issue and was super patient and friendly. Sending you lots of light your way. Keep shining & never ever change brother! God bless you,5,2026-05-22 23:55:01+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Return Rejected - Absolute Chancers,"I’ve been an ASOS customer for over 10 years but will never shop there again. I purchased 8 dresses for a friend’s wedding and I didn’t like any of them so I sent them all back. I tried on the dresses for all of 30 seconds each as I knew straight away that none of them were right. Anyway, I got an email to say they were only refunding me for 7 of the 8 dresses as one of them had been worn. I’m obviously furious as this is categorically not true and I would never ever do that. I have tried contacting customer support three times and they have done nothing to help. They keep saying they will escalate it but no one ever gets back to me. It’s almost been a week and we are no further forward. They don’t care at all and the whole situation has been very stressful.",1,2026-05-22 21:30:30+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Ordered a trench coat,"Ordered a trench coat. Arrived without the belt. I’ve returned, but my refund has been rejected!!!!! What am I supposed to do with this coat? You cannot wear this without the belt! It’s massive. How do I even contact ASOS? There is no one available to talk to, or there is no email! I demand this refund to be processed either way. This is a total joke! Who even works there?",1,2026-05-22 21:04:56+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,My item arrived stained,My item arrived stained. I contacted customer service (who were insanely slow). After spending 40 minutes in a chat with them I was told that somehow a stain did not count as a fault and they would not replace my item. They have no way of filing a complaint about this and so I will not have the item I ordered in time for the event.,1,2026-05-22 19:49:59+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,I needed to contact customer services…,I needed to contact customer services before my order was dispatched. There is no phone number and email response was 2 days- think that’s poor for a company that looks otherwise promising,2,2026-05-22 18:03:17+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Ordered a two piece set but they only…,Ordered a two piece set but they only sent the trousers ..returned trouser because wanted it as a set  but they are still charging me for delivery and return when they messed the order up also took me days to get in touch with anyone noone was responding ...please dont order from this company you will loose money and you physically speak to anyone,1,2026-05-22 17:12:20+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,,Slow delivery - lost a parcel,2,2026-05-22 17:01:57+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,I would give it a minus bit that's not…,I would give it a minus bit that's not possible please do not order from here at all. You will never get your refund you will be fobbed off and not replied to.. that's if you can figue out how to return! Clothing is hurrendous..customer service is diabolical! Please save your time and energy and money!!!,1,2026-05-22 15:35:23+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,I was a loyal customer for so many…,"I was a loyal customer for so many years, but they have no customer care service team any more. They have rejected my return which was in perfect condition because it was 2 days late, although I was sick and unable to return. I will NEVER be ordering from them again. Appalling service!",1,2026-05-22 13:23:08+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,I am actually baffled at how terrible…,I am actually baffled at how terrible ASOS customer service is! How can a company exist for so long that has the worst customer service I have ever encountered. My item was returned and ASOS acknowledged receipt of the return on 30 April. I still have not received my refund despite contacting customer services numerous times! ASOS agents seem incapable of providing any plausible explanation or resolution. Can ASOS resolve the issue relating to 22FKUJ53NMPGHH,1,2026-05-22 13:21:05+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Thieves. Steal from your bank account.,"I ordered a couple of pairs of shoes and the Bill came to £45.94. But boo-hoo took out £48.93 from my account for payment. I am dreading my items arriving now. It’s Max of bad practice when a company is stealing from you in your first transaction, so I won’t be buying from them again.",1,2026-05-22 10:34:48+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,I’ve shopped with ASOS for over ten…,"I’ve shopped with ASOS for over ten years. Today I deleted my account and will never purchase from them again. They sent me the wrong item, not wrong size...a totally different item. It was the only item I actually needed in the order. My size sold out before they could fix it. When I asked for any concession to acknowledge the mistake, I was refused repeatedly by a bot and then a live agent who couldn’t do anything beyond a script. They then had the nerve to demand I cover the cost of returning the clothes in a separate package. Over ten years of business, and they won't get another dime from me. There's far more other options.",1,2026-05-22 01:38:29+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,First of all the Coupon code didn't…,First of all the Coupon code didn't worked. The parcel was not delivered on my birthday.,1,2026-05-22 00:12:18+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Awful experience,Awful experience! I placed an order and I am a premier customer so should get next day delivery! 4 days later still no order! They could see the order had gone to the wrong location so they requested the items be sent back to them! I have chased this every day and Im now 2 weeks on but they wont refund the money for a parcel I never received! Thankfully I paid through Paypal so have asked them to sort refund! I will never order from here again!,1,2026-05-21 22:55:20+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,NEVER experienced such poor…,"NEVER experienced such poor communication in my life. I ordered an outfit for a weekend away on the Monday and next day delivery. I didn’t get my items until I was away. I then was denied return despite not having the items in time for intended use because the seller doesn’t accept returns. I bought through boohoo and it said NOWHERE on boohoo they don’t accept returns for unused clothes. After days of never being contacted after initial AI screening, I had 2 weeks of back and forth emails with customer service to ultimately be told they won’t accept returns despite not delivering on time as I paid for NDD. Never will I buy from boohoo again. Ridiculous experience.",1,2026-05-21 21:30:25+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,They don’t seem to care if your parcel…,They don’t seem to care if your parcel doesn’t arrive and just keep fobbing you off without actually looking into it,1,2026-05-21 19:54:32+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Plus erasure,"There was a time when the plus models weren’t mostly dressed in plain milkmaid dresses. A time when this store didn’t make clothes just for the money grab. Now, the curve models like like they’re dressed in curtains & materials that hardly flatter them.",1,2026-05-21 19:10:01+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,I returned my package,"I returned my package, which was received 15 days ago. According to their own policy, refunds are stated to take “up to 15 days,” yet I still have not received my money or any clear update. I contacted customer service this morning and was told to wait until the end of the day. When I followed up later, I was again told to wait — this time until tomorrow — when they would “try to find a solution.” This is not acceptable. When a refund is already overdue, customers should receive clear answers and action, not repeated delays. From my experience, the process has been unnecessarily dragged out, and no real responsibility has been taken to resolve the issue.",1,2026-05-21 18:55:40+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,A good product and excellent customer service,"My order was very late, with confusing Royal Mail tracking information showing it travelling to and from mail centres around the country nowhere near where I live. Tracking then froze completely for several days. I reported this to Rapanui and we assumed that the parcel had been lost by Royal Mail. Rapanui offered to send a replacement which arrived in a couple of days. I am very pleased with the product. So, five stars for an excellent product and also for helpful customer service in resolving a frustrating delivery problem which was not of their making.",5,2026-05-21 18:34:32+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Do not buy from this seller,Do not buy from this seller . I ordered a pair of ladies boots thinking I was only paying a couple of pounds for delivery but ended up paying £10 but worst of all I never had a confirmation of order or a confirmation order number so I wasn’t able to cancel the order which I attempted to do after realising I was overcharged !!! The order has now been delivered with no reference order number so I can’t return the item ! I have tried to go to the online customer service centre but all I get is an automated message. This company is one to avoid 😡 not even worth 1 star,1,2026-05-21 18:33:44+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Unbelievably unhelpful,"Accidentally ordered my package to my previous address in which the other occupant assaulted me. I’m extremely upset that they couldn’t amend or cancel the order, even with 3 days left to deliver. Customer services were also very hard to deal with and their chat bots and humans using the chat portal were super slow and unhelpful",1,2026-05-21 18:15:58+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Boohoo sent me the wrong parcel,"Boohoo sent me the wrong parcel, I have tried multiple times to get hold of them. They have my money and my order and I have someone else’s things!",1,2026-05-21 17:36:44+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Amazing customer service,"Amazing customer service. As someone based in TR I had some difficulty with the customs and all the people I've talked to has been most incredible, kind and helpful.  They were so open to alternative solutions as well and helped me real fast. Thank you all!",5,2026-05-21 15:36:49+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Send random stuff and then leave you at…,Send random stuff and then leave you at mercy of AI to sort out refun,1,2026-05-21 15:35:54+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Quick and helpful customer service,Very understanding towards an exchanged order and address change. Thank you for your understanding and no hesitation when it came to issuing a replacement!,5,2026-05-21 14:08:29+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,I love what Rapanui are doing,"I love what Rapanui are doing, I messaged them to see whether yoga/Pilates wear is something that they might be doing in the future, I received a prompt and positive response. I am excited to receive my hoody and sweat pants, due today 😀 and really hope they continue to expand their range of clothing 😊",5,2026-05-21 13:42:33+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Good customer service this aint!,"Good customer service this aint! Says they will hold it for 1 hour in your basket. Sold it to someone else during that time. Now out of stock. Plus, all my saved items were deleted. Waste my time why don't you? Can't get that back now can I Asos! Apparently they delete customer's accounts for returning too many items. If your sizes weren't so random people wouldn't need to get more than one to get a good fit. Why would you keep stuff that don't fit? Maybe invest in some stores so people can try stuff on first? Just saying. Too rad maybe? 🤣 Happy? What do you think?",1,2026-05-21 12:20:42+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Scammers and thieves.,"Boohoo have the worst customer service and refund process. They do not deserve the good ratings they have. I am in a process of fighting with them to have my money refunded for items proven to have been returned to them. Once you make contact with them via email (there is no telephone number), they may reply initially and then never again! They start  ignoring your emails if you have a problem. Also, they only want to acknowledge part of the refunded items (as they arrive in seperate packages) so they can tell you they haven't received it and then keep your money. As mentioned, the situation is in the process of dispute and I don't know when I'll receive my money back. They are scamming their customers and I definitely do not recommend their service.",1,2026-05-21 10:03:53+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Boohoo took my payment but never sent…,Boohoo took my payment but never sent an order confirmation or order number. Customer support only responds with bots and the issue is still unresolved after more than a week. I have proof that the payment was successful.,1,2026-05-21 07:51:19+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Pissed off with a return,"Pissed off with a return. It was sent with Australia post on 23rd April and received by Boohoo facility on 29th April. No refund came through so I followed up. They had none of the details of anything. I had to send screenshots of my return from their website, the Australia Post delivery notification and tracking as well as a screenshot of my order. Received the following response: ""Your refund will be initiated once the return reaches the warehouse and has been processed successfully. Please note that this process can take up to 29 days from the date the return was posted."" And a month later I am still chasing refund!!!! I have purchased from them many times before but this is this last. Worst customer service I have ever had.",1,2026-05-21 03:52:21+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,ASOS Used to be my go to place for new…,ASOS Used to be my go to place for new clothes. However since they have updated there return policy is sucks! I’m sorry you can’t provide accurate measurements for your clothes + NND delivery used to be £4 now it’s £9.99 for a tracked 24 I don’t even cost that much from Royal Mail considering they will have a deal so they probably get delivery’s for peanuts,1,2026-05-20 23:15:58+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Rude customer service,"Returned parcel, no refund issued. Had to deal with very rude customer service representative who cut the call off even though I asked to speak to a manger for the poor service. Do not recommend and will not shop there again",1,2026-05-20 23:11:00+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Terrible customer service and support,Multiple error messages trying to login to website or app. Unable to login to account and waiting forever for a response on Whatsapp. Returns portal not functioning so unable to process my return at all. Stuck with items i don't want and no way to return them at all,1,2026-05-20 22:08:00+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Very frustrating shopping experience,"Very frustrating shopping experience. The sizing on the website was extremely unclear, especially for U.S. customers. During checkout, I selected size 4 for my dresses, but my confirmation email later stated “US Size 8,” which immediately caused confusion and stress. At no point during checkout was the sizing conversion clearly explained. I contacted customer support multiple times trying to get a simple answer about whether I would actually receive a US size 4 or a US size 8, and no one could give me a direct response. The replies felt vague, repetitive, and unhelpful, even after I explained the situation clearly several times. I understand international brands use different sizing systems, but customers should not have to play detective after placing an order. The website should clearly specify whether sizes shown are UK or US sizes and explain the conversion before checkout. Overall, the lack of clarity and poor customer support made this a stressful experience instead of an enjoyable one. And just to mention I spoke to Kai on instagram and a Cory on their chat support team.",1,2026-05-20 18:11:51+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Although I had to return my purchase,"Although I had to return my purchase, due to fraying I am very happy with the service I got.  I received a refund for the full price, as well as the postage",4,2026-05-20 16:41:55+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,dining table set,"Ordered a dining table, chair and bench set. So far I have received 2 table legs and two chairs, still the table and bench missing. Over two weeks with no explanation and just getting the same message that they will contact the courier for an update extending it by two days again. All you get in an AI generated reply, hoping it turns up soon",1,2026-05-20 16:22:47+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,The worst customer service experience.,The worst customer service experience.,1,2026-05-20 15:58:49+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,I ordered 2 dresses for a wedding,I ordered 2 dresses for a wedding. Wanted to return 1 dress but there is no clear guidance on how to return? It gives the return address but evri want a QR code (which is a company advised by them to use with returns). I have asked for help with this but customer service is ABSOLUTELY APPALLING. I want to speak to someone and there just is not an option for this? I’m not out of pocket for a dress I do not want and cannot return?,1,2026-05-20 14:29:55+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,missing parcel no number to contact no…,missing parcel no number to contact no humans to talk to you speak to a computer.,1,2026-05-20 13:31:12+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,If i could give it a 0 i would,If i could give it a 0 i would. I wanted to return a big order as it cost over £50 and when trying to do this the return portal didnt work even putting in the order number correctly. I went and asked customer service and what a load of bullshit they are. Not helpful i had to pay over £5 for a return £7! For a return is crazy! . Not worth it go to boohoo instead or even shein.,1,2026-05-20 10:30:38+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,TERRIBLE customer service,TERRIBLE customer service. The sizing chart is wrong on the website and it made me order the wrong size. They can’t change the size or just cancel the order for me even though it’s only processing. Never ordering from this company again and I suggest you don’t either.,1,2026-05-20 04:38:51+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,ASOS has become a scammer.,"Truly awful. AVOID AT ALL COSTS. I returned a parcel to asos with a few pieces. The tracking had shown it arrived but they never refunded me. This was well within the return time and once I queried where my refund was, THEY CLOSED MY ACCOUNT FOR 'SUSPICIOUS ACTIVITY' and said I had to claim the money back from the bank. I did nothing wrong and they've been a massive headache. The company deserves the downfall and losses its going through. Good riddance.",1,2026-05-19 21:37:04+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,I got in touch because I had a query…,"I got in touch because I had a query about vouchers and discount codes being used alongside each other. Dan got in touch with me in a timely manner and was super helpful with my query, and an ad-hoc question I had while I was in contact with him too. I love this brand and the this is my first time using their customer service and I wasn't disappointed. The only hitch I have with this brand is that it's currently not possible to use more than 1 voucher in a purchase at a time, so if you have multiple vouchers you need to split them one at a time over separate individual purchases to use them.",5,2026-05-19 19:16:39+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,I received bikini bottoms with poo and…,I received bikini bottoms with poo and other bodily fluids in them and they are not helping me!,1,2026-05-19 18:35:41+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Not only was I happy with the product…,Not only was I happy with the product but it was early to 👍,5,2026-05-19 17:22:52+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Unfortunately the goods I required…,"Unfortunately the goods I  required were sold out.After being scammed by another company, it was a relief to be in touch with genuine interested people.14",5,2026-05-19 11:21:09+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,customer service appalling,customer service is absolutely appalling/non-existent. only way to get in touch is via chat function on their website and the agents are absolutely useless and do not understand what you are saying. they must also be working multiple chats at once as each message takes 5+ minutes for a response - you will be on the chat for 40+ mins for even a basic enquiry. unable to escalate complaint to anyone who speaks any sense,1,2026-05-19 11:06:53+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Scam company,"Scam company. They delivered the order at the front door where it could easily be stolen, and then claimed that 19 products could fit into one very small box. They initially agreed to refund me, but later blocked my account and refused to provide my refund. Very poor customer service and an extremely disappointing experience.",1,2026-05-19 10:36:28+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Worst customer service ever,Worst customer service ever. I got a discount code for my birthday which did not work and anyone could solve it. Just a repeated answer from IA that they cannot do anything. Horrible…,1,2026-05-19 09:30:31+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Refused a return for an item,"Refused a return for an item. Pair of shorts, but they class them as underwear possibly? They are not. Very poor sizing. Pump shorts meant to be roomy for the muscular build. These are not roomy at all. Waist and hips fit fine but the leg extremely narrow and tight. T shirt quality is fine, fits nice and is comfy. But print on training vest already has print seperating from material. For the value of vest not even worth paying the returns. Order from here and expect 1 out of 3 items to be worthwhile. Cant see myself ordering here ever again.",1,2026-05-18 22:42:28+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,i purchased the miami florida blue…,i purchased the miami florida blue short tracksuit. i open it to see makeup stains all over the neckline of the hoodie. so so disappointing. i was excited for this to arrive and now the whole set is out of stock so i doubt i’ll even be able to purchase again.,2,2026-05-18 22:23:22+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Boohoo Premier poor delivery,"I have always used Boohoo Premier and since they have changed the policy it is an absolute joke. First I am told only Boohoo items are free next day, but actually due to living in Cornwall nothing is free next day. So I either have to wait 4 days or pay £2.99 to get in 2 days (never actually next day). My mate tested the same items deliver to her house up Country and she can get free tomorrow!! I tried to complain, request refund on delivery and customer service was awful. Defo won’t renew again",1,2026-05-18 20:48:03+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Untrustworthy. Horrendous Customer Service.,"I ordered a pair of running shoes from ASOS as they were cheaper than on competitor websites. On arrival I assumed the trainers were the correct size 9 as they were in a box marked ""size 9"" and tied together with a label marked ""size 9."" It was only after I'd started running in them that it became apparent that, while the left trainer was correct, the right trainer was size 8 - too small. I contacted ASOS by chat  - they don't have email, phone or postal contact - and was told to return them via courier which I did. Three weeks later I received the trainers back with a rejection email telling me they couldn't be returned due to their worn state. I then tried to complain via chat and after 20 minutes with a handler I was told I would be put through to a manager. I then waited a further three hours before the connection was inexplicably cut. I logged back in and opened another chat and was told I'd be prioritised and was asked to wait again. Thirty minutes later I was cut off once more. Truly shocking service.",1,2026-05-18 20:40:05+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Tracking service unavailable (no ID…,"Tracking service unavailable (no ID provided), delayed delivery (>1 week) in spite being a premium customer,",1,2026-05-18 20:05:14+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Diabolical,"Diabolical. Just don't order from them. Everything will go wrong, you won't receive your order on time even though you paid next-day, they will leave crucial information about their delivery out before you order and then lie to you that they told you before, you won't receive any help, their agents will be unresponsive an unreasonable, then your items will be faulty and they'll lie to you that they're supposed to be like that, and you will just be left frustrated like the 3000 other people here who have left them a 1-star review.",1,2026-05-18 18:14:51+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,I have been a customer for years with…,"I have been a customer for years with only one return recently, 2/05/2026. I sent two items back, one for poor quality, one for the wrong size, and both were rejected. Be very careful when purchasing, as this claim that wearing items was unfounded and false",1,2026-05-18 16:11:05+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Appalling ...ordered a pullover jacket…,"Appalling ...ordered a pullover jacket - extremely poor quality, makred up from some Chinese Sounding manufacturer....it's awful.  Returns policy is deliberately obstructive...I am not going to bother, which is what they hope for, I'm sure.  Would re-sell on Vinted, but it's so shoddy I would be embarrassed to do so.  Lesson learned.",1,2026-05-18 14:08:09+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Please stop using relaytech,Please stop using relaytech for your deliveries. My next day delivery is nearly a week late.,1,2026-05-18 13:42:21+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,omg what a rip off company I have tried…,omg what a rip off company I have tried on several times to get a refund and I have proof of returns they say you have been sent a refund no no I have not what a rip off company never trust this company,1,2026-05-18 13:16:38+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Not even a 1 star!!,"Not even a 1 star!! Been contacting Boohoo's customer service for a while now to get a refund from January. Customer service is terrible. You get an AI bot that is useless, then you have to wait days and days to speak to a human, who then never gets back to you. I have contacted them many different ways and the service is honestly disgusting. For a multi-million pound company, they should make more of a priority in looking after their customers. I was a loyal customer of Boohoo and the company has gone downhill!",1,2026-05-18 13:04:48+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Terrible customer service,"Terrible customer service. Complained about glue marks on trainers - and I've been informed that's how they're advertised online... ASOS really need to up their customer service skills. Won't repurchase from their website again, as they're happy to send out sub-par quality items.",1,2026-05-18 12:57:54+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,As i cant leave 0 stars,"As i cant leave 0 stars. I ordered item Sat afternoon and was told delivery next day, item dispatched to Royal Mail. Royal Mail returned item to ASOS as issue with delivery address, told i would have to wait 10 days for refund, but this is only issued once they have they have the  item back 🤬 then like an idiot, because i wanted the item i reordered it but paid for a different courier next day delivery. As I was shafted the day before i await the email from DPD saying when they will deliver and i wait by the window for this. Half hour later, you have missed delivery today we will try again another day. 🤬🤬 then i contact customer service who are 0 help and wont even refund my delivery charge 🤬🤬🤬 will not be using again and will not recommend to anyone.",1,2026-05-18 12:00:08+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Absolutely shocking service.,"Absolutely shocking service. Firstly my boohoo order took weeks to arrive and then trying to manage my return with boohoo and marketplace items feels like an impossible task - you shouldn't be selling marketplace items with such awful processes in place! No proper customer service, just bots and FB messenger where you have to repeat yourself over and over, while waiting endlessly for a human to intervene. Will never waste my time, energy or money ordering again. Joke of an operation.",1,2026-05-18 11:52:41+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Refusal of refund,My order was dispatched 7 days after I ordered them which resulted in them arriving late. So sent the full parcel back. They are refusing to refund 1 item saying they never got it but it was returned with all the other items in original packaging. Not replied to my last email re this. Will be taking this further.,1,2026-05-18 11:39:47+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Overcharged me and didn’t help at all - now out of pocket,"Ordered some trainers from here recently and they had sent me the wrong pair, I ordered a specific pair priced at £82 and they had sent me a different pair that were slightly different in colour that were priced at £60.50, I ordered these at next day delivery as I did need these for that day specifically, I got in touch to explain the situation and said I was happy to keep the pair they had sent me but asked for the partial refund on the price difference as I had essentially overpaid, they refused and wouldn’t help me with this at all, I couldn’t return so now have a pair of trainers that I have overpaid for. Absolutely appalling service and borderline stealing, will never use this company again and would highly suggest to avoid them at all costs!",1,2026-05-18 11:31:09+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,20 days still waiting my refund after receiving faulty goods,Worst customer experience ever. Boohoo tagged on extra sneaky insurance at checkout. The items delivered were faulty and of terrible quality. I returned all the next day. They received my return 20 days ago and I still have not received my refund of nearly £60! When I contacted them Debenhams emailed me on this matter telling me they are awaiting a concession called IKRUSH to refund me. Who is that? I ordered from Boohoo not Debenhams or some unknown company I’ve never heard of? I just want my money back and will be closing my account with them and never ordering from them again. This is not the same company I used to order from the items looked like they came from some dodgy back street market and would fall apart in 5 minutes. Unless you want to chase for a unforthcoming refund and receive terrible quality items avoid Boohoo at all costs!,1,2026-05-17 23:06:35+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Send my return back in January and evri…,"Send my return back in January and evri lost it, I have contacted ASOS numerous times I can never get past the AI it doesn't understand anything and never help me just gives me the run around and promises me someone will contact me never happens and I never received my refund it's been nearly 6 months shocking terrible service I will never use ASOS again. How can a company not have a contact email where you can speak to human beings?",1,2026-05-17 22:47:46+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Terrible customer support,"I have been a customer since 2013... literally when they had their old clunkier website. Support used to be so good, always customer centric, and they have gone very downhill. It's clear they are outsourcing the support, it's very hard to communicate and I find them incredibly rude when you need to process returns, especially when ASOS is at fault. Sithembile wasn't very polite and found them very abrupt.",1,2026-05-17 19:47:03+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Worse return process ever,"Terrible customer service, with AI integration that keeps on looping and cutting off the communication flow + unable to return items that are unopened in their original packaging, which is frankly speaking illegal.",1,2026-05-17 19:28:08+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,If I could rate it a 0 I would,"If I could rate it a 0 I would. Genuinely disgusting customer service. I ordered a top on their website from a different brand, when I went to return this top it wouldn’t let me. I’ve spent weeks talking to their Ai service and human support without any answer, numerous times I’ve been told that my enquiry would be reviewed and I would get an email back, but still I’ve not received one. Coming up to a month of me trying to get my return processed and I’m still no closer than when I first started.",1,2026-05-17 18:10:41+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Return process and diabolical communication,"I have sent 3 emails and used Messenger chat on 5 occasions, it is insulting when they are asking for the same information each time with no offer of resolution.. I have returned 2 items out of 3 ordered and received no refund I have used Boohoo for years.... NOT ANYMORE",1,2026-05-17 14:54:20+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,I am beyond frustrated with the service…,"I am beyond frustrated with the service I’ve received regarding this gift card. I have now been told FIVE times that it has been resent via email, and I still have not received anything at all. Now i’m being asked to provide an alternative email address town which i did and now they’re saying I can’t do it like that??? At this point, it honestly feels like a scam. Every response takes over a day, there is no way to speak to an actual person, and I’m repeatedly being told the same thing with absolutely no resolution. I want this resolved. Either to be sent the gift card properly and make sure i get it before another response a day later or provide an alternative solution immediately. I also want details of how to make a formal complaint. (Already sent to Resolver) I have asked them to provide either a team leader/manager’s email address or a phone number where I can speak to someone directly, because this level of customer service is unacceptable and have been ignored every time.",1,2026-05-17 14:44:57+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Do not order from these,"After placing my order it took longer than it said to come, the payment to make my order was a massive issue resulting in two of the same order coming. Therefore  had to return one of these and the process to do so took so much of my time, effort and money it’s ridiculous. They do this so you lose out on money as it’s too much effort to send back however I will be returning my item and I wouldn’t be surprised if they didn’t give me my money back! They have lost a customer and I will NOT be ordering from here ever again nor will I recommend it to anyone. I contacted them as when sorting out my return they don’t give you a label or qr code and expect you to sort it out yourself which they provide no information for.",1,2026-05-17 14:30:44+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Agent was hugely unhelpful,"Agent was hugely unhelpful. He continually sent stock replies saying he could do no more, when I had an issue I couldn’t fix without help. He refused to escalate it to a manager. He closed the chat without resolution. I found him really annoying. It completely puts me off ASOS. I wasn’t surprised to see a bad trustpilot number after my recent experience.",1,2026-05-17 12:10:33+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Terrible customer service,"Terrible customer service. Having been told that 2 of my returned items were “used and unsuitable condition” (which they weren’t as I hadn’t worn them), I contacted customer service. I was in the online chat for nearly an hour with “Jaya”, who provided no help whatsoever and when I asked for the matter to be escalated so I could discuss my refund, abruptly ended the chat with no warning. Now I am left paying for items which I don’t want, having not violated the returns policy. Very disappointing.",1,2026-05-17 10:57:07+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,OMG the returns! Never again!!!,"Dresses don't cover bum so are like tops. Returns are absolutely horrendous! If you order 8 items in 1 order, you do 8 separate returns. Some of them are to the same supplier, but still separate QR codes, some require you to email the supplier to get the returns label (I haven't had an email back yet). I would have never ordered from here, if I knew it was this complicated . I've got in such a middle with returns. Also watch out for being charged automatically £10 extra for next day delivery and £4.99 for 'worry free returns'! An extra £15 for something not needed and automatically applied and can't be canceled.",1,2026-05-17 09:46:41+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,Do not buy from Asos,Do not buy from Asos. Bought a jacket from Asos but was from one of their partner  very moda. I don’t keep the packaging as I was happy with the jacket. After wearing it once I notice there is a rip in the armpit.  is there an easy way to return it! absolutely not! they have made it so difficult to return that I will have to keep it.. will never buy from asos again,1,2026-05-16 22:36:11+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,I returned 2 dresses,I returned 2 dresses. It clearly showed on my account that the 2 dresses were returned but I only got refunded for 1 dress. Impossible to get in contact with them. I emailed the customer support but have still to get a reply,1,2026-05-16 22:09:07+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Not what it used to be,"Not what it used to be! Avoid! Customer service is appalling - they have done away with humans and replaced them with an AI text service that only gets a real human involved if it deems it necessary, which then takes basically a full working day to get a response from, where the person will send a totally unhelpful message and then sign off leaving you to text the robot again and go through the entire situation with it all over again. I returned a skirt as it was bad quality, then got refunded for a totally different item on my order which was of less value. Now I am just fully not getting any response from texting them. I am getting no where in trying to get my money back and unfortunately opted for credit instead of a refund. Avoid the headache and shop elsewhere!!",1,2026-05-16 20:20:03+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Absolutely shocking company,"Absolutely shocking company! Sent wrong item, received 2 items of same, still on day 6 off poor communication speaking to a robot and still not resolved! Avoid!!!!",1,2026-05-16 17:50:09+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Customer service is almost impossible…,"Customer service is almost impossible to deal with. I received a faulty item and followed all the procedures they ask to do and was issued a gift card, despite the website saying you cannot receive one for faulty goods. When I contacted the AI I was told this should be reversed when the return was processed but get back into contact if it was not. To my surprise it wasn’t and now 3 days later I’m still trying to get a human to send more than one message without sending me back to the beginning.",1,2026-05-16 17:42:48+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Boohoo is a fraud company,"Boohoo is a fraud company, I ordered dresses last night and after payment, I didn’t get a confirmation of or receipt, no order history on my account and I have tried to contact BOOHOO, but there is no customer service just AI that doesn’t work and I am now out of pocket for my hard earned money and making a mistake of using BOOHOO AND being robbed by this company. I have contacted the authorities and have now started a campaign to inform the public not to use this fraudulent company.",1,2026-05-16 12:41:34+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,I will never order again from these,I will never order again from these. It took ages to come as it’s now not uk it comes from china. The quality was awful. The returning process was a nightmare. As you had to pay for the label then upload tracking details to them for be told incorrect details. I sent them numerous emails saying I paid over £5 to return have proof of purchase and tracking. I think they were exp me to just forget about it. Then it took ages for the refund finally to hit my account.,1,2026-05-16 10:18:06+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,ASOS experience,"I genuinely want to know if anyone else has experienced this level of poor customer service from ASOS because this has honestly been exhausting. For more than 5 working days, I’ve been trying to get help from ASOS regarding an account issue that THEY created. I originally stopped using ASOS back in 2020 after dealing with similar problems, but recently decided to give them another chance, hoping their service had improved. Big mistake. After placing an order, a glitch signed me out of my account. When I tried logging back in, my account was suddenly blocked for no reason. Since then, I’ve spoken to 6 different customer service agents, and every single conversation has been exactly the same: “Please check your junk/spam folder.” “A specialist team will contact you.” That’s it. No actual help. No updates. No accountability. What makes it worse is that the chats are often ended midway through the conversation, right after I spend time explaining the issue in detail again and again. It genuinely feels like customers are being pushed in circles until they give up. At this point, I honestly question whether these are real support agents or just scripted AI responses repeating the same lines with zero empathy or understanding. How is it acceptable for a customer to spend days chasing support just to access their own account and order? This isn’t customer service anymore, it feels like mental exhaustion by design. Customers are expected to repeatedly explain problems, wait endlessly, and receive no real resolution or even basic communication. And this so-called “specialist team”? Apparently they are too “special” to provide updates, timelines, or even acknowledge what’s happening. According to the customer advisors, only the specialist team knows what’s going on, yet they never contact you. At this point, I’m starting to think this mysterious team doesn’t even exist. If anyone else has experienced this kind of treatment from ASOS recently, please share your experience below because customers deserve better than this.",1,2026-05-16 10:01:55+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Non existent customer service,"Ordered two full co-ord outfits from Boohoo and only half of the items arrived. Extremely disappointing service. What made the situation even worse was trying to contact customer service. The website mainly pushes customers toward Apple/iPhone messaging services or Facebook support, neither of which I use or have access to. I also attempted to contact them through Instagram and received no response. It’s incredibly frustrating that a major company can make customer support so inaccessible while also failing to properly resolve order issues. Customers should not have to chase multiple platforms just to report incomplete orders. Very poor experience overall and not acceptable.",1,2026-05-16 09:36:27+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,ASOS premium in Ireland..,I bought ASOS premium in Ireland but they failed to mention that that service does not actually exist in Ireland. So now everytime I place an order it gives me the wrong estimated delivery date. Which they will not give me a refund for. I just find it disgraceful that you can pay for a service that doesn’t actually exist in my country.,1,2026-05-16 05:05:12+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Love the t-shirts,"Love the t-shirts, wash well and really soft. Also have the shacket, another great buy.  Did have a slight problem with a return but was resolved to my satisfaction.",5,2026-05-15 19:53:18+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Terrible company and customer service as expected,"Terrible customer service as per. Emailed regarding a transaction for delivery insurance which I got charged £15 for as they select automatically at checkout to get people, to which I only noticed after (it wasn't even on my confirmation email) and they don't allow you to cancel your order even seconds after.  I had 3 generic responses from CS as expected, to which I then requested either goodwill or complaints email/T&C's, to which I am now being ignored. They haven't resolved a complaint, attempted to or even replied at this point as they think ignoring is easier. Haven't bought off them in years and now I remember why. No wonder the company is going under",1,2026-05-15 16:54:47+00:00,Trustpilot
ASOS,Fast Fashion,I placed an order that never arrived,"Order never arrived — bank had to refund me I never received my ASOS order. The courier confirmed they had not received the parcel from ASOS. ASOS repeatedly stalled me on chat, asking me to “check back later” instead of resolving the issue. Today I was left waiting 15 minutes while the agent claimed to be contacting the courier, then the chat was ended with no update. I eventually had to go through my bank, who refunded me and blocked my card from ASOS due to the way the situation was handled. Very disappointing experience.",1,2026-05-15 15:13:41+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Bought plenty of items over the years…,"Bought plenty of items over the years and have always been happy with the quality of product and service. Recently ordered an item which turned out to be oversize which I missed at the time of ordering however, Dan from customer service was great and actioned a return / refund with no issues. Would recommend.",5,2026-05-15 14:51:12+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Brief visit…,"Bought 2 packs of boxer shorts for a family member. They were deemed ""unsuitable"" and were left unopened. I returned the next day to my local Primark in Llandudno,in order to obtain a refund (£12). However, I was informed that refunds were not available on certain items which, included boxers. I explained that the items had not been unpacked, and certainly not worn, it having been less than 24hrs since they were purchased. This had no effect on the stores decision, and  after having returned home I noticed the refund ""exclusions"" on the rear of the, receipt.  This information serves no purpose whatsoever as the purchase has already been made, surely it would make more sense for the store policy to be made clear prior to the purchase in order to avoid any disappointment and further visits to the store involved?.",1,2026-05-15 11:42:14+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Scam,"DO NOT buy from here if you plan to return items. Chasing a refund has been an absolute nightmare. Well over a month of emailing back anf forth, speaking to different members of the team and I'm still sorting out a refund. I'm told a refund has been provided yet the amount is still not reflecting in my bank and it's been over the 5 day period. I want to escalate both this company and Boohoo to small claims court. Awful customer service experiences on both.",1,2026-05-15 11:03:57+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Conned!,Placed an order tonight for some clothes. Chose to pay by Apple Pay an amount of £24. Once the payment went through it charged me an extra £9.99 for premier delivery. I don’t chose this and when I tried to get a refund they said it’s non refundable. Be aware if you’re paying by Apple Pay as the amount it shows is not what you end up paying.,1,2026-05-14 21:48:09+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Never buy anything from this scum…,Never buy anything from this scum company.  They won't accept me returning a shorts with all labels on it because I open the package.  I have never heard a more ridiculous excuse.  Totally scum never again,1,2026-05-14 20:24:27+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Stealing money,"They automatically charge £10 for some non-refundable ‘cover’, you have to untick at the bottom which a lot of people miss. They then refuse to acknowledge how sneaky this is and just keep saying it’s non-refundable. I’d like my stolen £10 back",1,2026-05-14 19:37:12+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Veey quick response to an e-mail…,"Veey quick response to an e-mail enquiry. Sad that the item in question is no longer stocked, and not visible in resale sites - which the advice given also signposted.",5,2026-05-14 17:22:47+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Very disappointing experience with…,"Very disappointing experience with BoohooMAN. On May 5, I paid €173 through their app using iDEAL, but the order never went through while the money was still deducted from my account. Since May 7, I have been contacting customer service and sent multiple screenshots of the payment and previous conversations as proof. Despite this, I keep receiving the same questions and no real solution. They continue asking for an order number even though there is no order number because the order failed. I have never experienced such poor customer service before. No clear communication, no proper investigation, and still no refund or solution after all this time. Extremely frustrating and disappointing.",1,2026-05-14 15:30:58+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Excellent quality and excellent…,"Excellent quality and excellent service. I order a few items, one had a small mark and they refunded straight away. Love this company",5,2026-05-14 15:19:09+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Absolute joke of an excuse for…,"Absolute joke of an excuse for ""customer service"". The incorrect item was sent and after much back and forth and automated replies I have to wait up to 15 days for a resolution. Buyer beware. Never again.",1,2026-05-14 14:05:59+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Worst customer services and unsympathetic advisors …,"If there was a opportunity to give one star I would. This has got to be the worst online experience and customer services I have encountered. My item was delivered elsewhere- reported it to BOOHOO & provided evidence that l didn't recieve it they were due to give me a refund but within 24 hours of confirmation of the declaration they said they wouldn't give me a refund as I had already received the item. Pictures provided of my door and the one from Evri wasn't the same, wasn't even at home at the time but yet still the picture from Evri who's just as bad showed a man taking the parcel. Good job PayPal step in. I will never order from BOOHOO again - un emphatic, cold and uncaring customer services who deliberately delays responses to customers.",1,2026-05-14 13:38:58+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Complicated returns service,"Complicated returns service.  Same order, 3 different returns methods - post office/Evri/Inpost. Resulting in me erroneously returning a package via Inpost not Evri. BooHoo unable to find parcel despite tracking number given & after many, many, many contacts with customer services they have reluctantly decided to refund me.",1,2026-05-14 11:19:32+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Very good service,Very good service.  Generally good quality and no issue with replacing a faulty item. Thank you.,4,2026-05-14 10:40:00+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Worst ever retailer to shop,"Worst ever retailer to shop. Item was not at described. Trouser has  two  defects on it.  Returns and refund process too complicated,  no help at all from them. I would not recommend at all. Please avoid missguided!",1,2026-05-14 06:24:52+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,useless customer service,"Most unhelpful and useless customer service. They charge for returns even if you're a premier member, it's impossible to contact customer service or hold a ongoing conversation about any issues. They don't listen to anything you say and just responds with complete nonsense. It's a headache dealing with them.",1,2026-05-14 01:51:28+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Don’t bother messaging customer service,Had an issue with a return so I used their text message service. It took 10 hours for someone to finally message me back with just a link to the returns portal but I had issues with the link and then they disappeared. This happened multiple times where someone would message me back ask one question and then disappear again. Not very useful at all. Eventually a QR code was finally generated for me and Theo asked me to leave a review and “make sure to mention my name in the review” even though he was the 6th person to message me. Well here is your review Theo.,1,2026-05-13 20:30:54+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,"Good products, excellent customer service",I have made several purchases from Rapanui and love their products. Recently I had an issue with a faulty tshirt - this was not a problem for them! I received excellent customer service from Max and a replacement tshirt is on its way. Thanks guys.,5,2026-05-13 11:13:48+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,I needed assistance as I ordered…,I needed assistance as I ordered clothes online but was waiting on a confirmation email so I messaged the care centre and Kai was very helpful and got back to me straight away.,4,2026-05-13 10:10:06+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,No confirmation email…,"I had not received a confirmation email for my order. I reached out to messenger and spoke with Kai. Was very helpful in letting me know my order number, that my order has been dispatched and the expected delivery date. This has helped put my mind at ease. Hopefully will arrive with no further worries!",4,2026-05-13 04:01:56+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Worst customer service ever!,Worst customer service ever!! Still owing me a refund from a month a go. Constantly fobbing me off asking for the same information and not following anything through!! Useless!,1,2026-05-12 22:18:04+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Best aprons in the land by far!!!!,"Best aprons in the land by far!!!! Design, quality, production, attention to detail absolutely second to none! Lovely communication from Emma too! Sarah….@food.magpie",5,2026-05-12 22:05:00+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Poor quality of clothing,Poor quality of clothing. After one wash of all of my items have faded massively. Also the tights come in ‘one size’… I’m 5’10 and these are so loose they wrinkle around my knees and ankles!,3,2026-05-12 17:22:20+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,If I could give zero stars I would.,"If I could give zero stars I would. No confirmation of order, and when it did arrive was of very poor quality. To return you have to pay the highest shipping fees, no cheaper alternatives, so pointless as most of the refund would be gone on return delivery. Avoid, avoid, avoid!",1,2026-05-12 08:13:32+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Very poor customer service!!!,"Very poor customer service!!! Firstly, why is  there a bot handling issues? Every time an agent finally joins the chat, they send one quick message and then disappear. When I reply, there is no response, and I’m forced to start all over again answering the same automated bot questions. This is utterly ridiculous and extremely frustrating. My issue is that I received my Boohoo refund as store credit. This happened because store credit is set as the default option when requesting a return. I would never have knowingly selected credit, as I paid using Klarna and now have an outstanding payment due. Yes, I did not manually change the option, however under the Consumer Contracts Regulations 2013, refunds must be issued to the original payment method unless the customer has expressly agreed otherwise. A pre-selected default option does not constitute valid consent. I know many other customers have experienced this exact same issue, which makes this appear to be a deliberate company tactic. I find this completely unacceptable and I am appalled by both the lack of transparency and the poor customer service I have received. I demand a refund to my original payment method immediately. This is unacceptable, and if it is not resolved, I will escalate this further as this is misleading and a breach of consumer rights. I expect action, not another automated response!",1,2026-05-12 06:26:42+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Company sent wrong item,"Company sent wrong item. I was stuck in a loop with their AI tool for days as they requested photos of the mistake but responded to the photos saying they could not process photos. Then I got transferred to two different reps who both said I would have to send the item back, have them process the return, then reach out to them and they would issue a refund or resend what I ordered. I repeatedly explained I could send the incorrect item back but as evidenced by my paying for rushed shipping, I needed them to get my item to me ASAP. this seems like a reasonable request considering it’s their mistake. To my request they kept responding that I wouldn’t need to pay a return fee. On the wrong item. That they sent.",1,2026-05-11 23:37:35+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Don't bother with text message Customer Services,"Placed an order on 7th May with next day delivery (selected premier which is listed as NEXT DAY DELIVERY for a year). Order is missing and all I receive from the Customer Service text is an AI response. Got through to 3 different advisors who said to wait until 20th to see if it arrives. I messaged again to ask why my query of next day delivery being refunded was being ignored and was told by Harper that the 'Premier' is a subscription?! Shows on the website as PREMIER NEXT DAY DELIVERY. When I questioned this, I've been put back through to the frustrating AI rubbish. Other advisors have been helpful but Harper has been so rude and dismissive. I have opened a case with resolver to get this sorted.",1,2026-05-11 22:36:58+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,If only I could give 0 stars,I would looove to give this 0 stars if I could! Ordered through Missguided and was labelled as a oversized t-shirt that says ‘Summer Forever’ but actually it says ‘Sumwon Forever’ which is the name of the Shein-like company. The material is also diabolical - it’s the same material as a netball vest but worse somehow. What tops all of this off is that I have had to pay £5 of my own money to do a return which is insane in 2026. I’d keep it and resell it on Vinted if the quality wasn’t so bad. Won’t be ordering from here again.,1,2026-05-11 21:23:03+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Absolutely brilliant after care service!,"I had a faulty dungaree clip, I asked for a replacement clip and Liz responded promptly to my query and replaced my dungarees without any quibble. I would certainly recommend L&Y's after care service. Absolutely brilliant!",5,2026-05-11 18:48:37+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,I am extremely frustrated with the customer service support,"I am extremely frustrated with the customer service from Boohoo. I have been waiting for a week for someone to get back to me regarding a simple query about a wrong parcel and a return label. Despite my efforts, I keep receiving the same questions via email without any progress. I've also requested to file an official complaint and have asked for my issue to be escalated, but I have received no reply and continue to be ignored. It's scandalous that after a week of constant emails, there’s still no resolution in sight. I used to shop frequently at Boohoo, but this experience has made me reconsider. There’s no one to speak to directly, and the lack of communication is unacceptable. I will not be buying from Boohoo again. ​",1,2026-05-11 17:54:53+00:00,Trustpilot
Boohoo,Fast Fashion,Bad customer service,"This has been a horrible experience, the customer service is horrible and you can only get connected to ai bots . My order has been delayed about 4 times and when I did eventually get connected to a person on WhatsApp they where just about as helpful as the ai bot and I’m still waiting for a reply and my order . This has been a really disappointing experience so far and if my order ever shows up the product will have to extremely good to make up for this horrible experience. Very disappointing",1,2026-05-11 17:44:06+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Answered my question and sent me a…,Answered my question and sent me a replacement when my first package disappeared into the tracking ether. Thank you so much!,5,2026-05-11 17:35:36+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Sadly my order was lost in transit to…,"Sadly my order was lost in transit to US, not a surprise in this day and age.  They immediately replaced and refunded.",5,2026-05-11 14:35:25+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Also from abroad (The Netherlands) I…,"Also from abroad (The Netherlands) I can confirm that Rapanui is a great company with a fantastic customer service. It can take a while before you receive a reply, but once in contact; the communication is fast, smooth and simply fantastic. Special thanks to Max! In short: great company, great service - I will definitely order my clothing again.",5,2026-05-11 01:49:14+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Great find...,Great customer service and I love the long and short sleeved t-shirts and the knitted sweaters.,5,2026-05-09 15:19:09+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,First encounter made me dubious... however,"First T shirt I bought was faulty As was its replacement -in exactly the same place. It was a gift for my daughter , so doubly annoying However Customer Sevice were excellent.  Made sure a (checked for quality ) T shirt was posted direct  to my daughter .It arrived within a week  She says it feels really nice on the skin . Very soft good quality Not yet washed ...",4,2026-05-08 19:19:33+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,I was impressed with the speed with…,"I was impressed with the speed with which my returns were dealt with. Absolutely hassle free. Congratulations to Lucy & Yak for choosing to use models who may not necessarily conform to common perceptions of 'a model'. Each one brings their own beauty. Last but not least, the fabric print on my tankini was super and the quality was great. I am only sorry that it wasn't quite the style for me.",5,2026-05-08 18:48:30+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,The clothes are never in stock of the…,"The clothes are never in stock of the size that you need. Have been trying to get a particular item since before Christmas and have been told it will not be back in for quite some time. Went to buy another item, also out of stock. Customer Service advised it came in other sizes...unbelievable.",2,2026-05-08 11:42:50+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,a return to clothing as a form of respect,"'There are garments one wears… and then there are garments one enters into relationship with. My experience with Rapanui has been of the latter. I came to them quietly, seeking not simply comfort, but congruence — a harmony between what touches my skin and what I hold to be true. Their pieces, particularly the underwear and trackies I now find myself living in, carry a rare integrity. The fabric does not feel manufactured in haste; it feels considered, almost reverent. There is a softness that is not merely tactile, but energetic — as though the material itself has been allowed to remain close to its origin. Rapanui’s commitment to organic fibres, circular design, and renewable production is not just branding rhetoric; it is perceptible. One senses it in the breathability of the cotton, in the absence of harshness, in the way the garments settle on the body without resistance. It is clothing that does not impose — it accompanies. In a world saturated with synthetic urgency, there is something profoundly grounding about wearing pieces that feel clean in both composition and intention. For those of us who are attentive to the subtle dialogue between body, environment, and energy, this matters deeply. What we wear becomes an extension of our field. I have worn their underwear and trackies not as occasional comforts, but as daily companions — and they have held their shape, their softness, and their quiet presence with grace. Others speak similarly of their quality and natural materials, often highlighting their durability and comfort, alongside a genuine commitment to sustainability. This is not fast fashion. It is something slower, more conscious — a return, perhaps, to clothing as a form of respect: for the body, for the earth, and for the unseen threads that connect the two. For me, purity in clothing is not an aesthetic preference; it is a practice. And in that regard, Rapanui feels aligned.'",5,2026-05-07 12:53:48+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Honestly fantastic!,"Honestly, I wasn’t expecting the quality of the t shirts to be so good! I tried one, then ordered 4 more! I’m hoping they don’t discontinue the oversized t shirts now I’ve found them! Just fab shape and fabric! Excellent service and prompt delivery.",5,2026-05-06 13:58:24+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,As always L&Y were super,As always L&Y were super helpful in resolving my issue.  Points don’t seem to have linked onto my account properly but it’s all been sorted manually! Always love how helpful and quick staff are any time I have a query. Overall I think L&Y have the best customer service from any company I’ve interacted with. Always so kind and polite.,5,2026-05-05 20:40:59+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Quality of goods and great Customer Service,"It has been my 4th positive experience with RAPANUI. Always on a lookout for organic cotton quality stuff, I am never disappointed with RAPANUI. Already purchased beautiful hats and scarves, and recently oversized zip hoodies in three colours. Strongly recommend, just a heads up, you need a size smaller, as they come really large. I had to exchange for smaller ones. That was not an issue, as the Customer Service was 5 STAR. Max kept me informed all the way. Snugged in my warm and lovely hoodie already. I will definitely come again :)",5,2026-05-05 16:30:16+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,What a brilliant level of service,"What a brilliant level of service, chose the wrong size on something but didn’t realise until it was past the 30 day return period. I sent an email and was granted a credit note. I already loved Lucy and Yak but now I love them even more",5,2026-05-05 13:32:26+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Cashier Lazy,"Portsmouth, Commercial Road branch. Waited a long time in queue as they walled off access to the self-checkouts and rather than squeeze by everyone behind us we stuck it out. Got to til, served. Was fine. Nothing special. My mum was stood right next to me holding her items to be served right after me. Cashier mad eye contact with us both and clearly noted that my mum was also to be served. Got to the end, pointed out customer survey on receipt and then declared she wasn't serving anymore and left the checkout, leaving my mum holding her items and myself stood there like absolute idiots. We then had to wait further for the checkout next to us to finish refunding their items before we could then be served. At no point whatsoever in my transaction was it indicated, even remotely, that this was the last customer she would be serving. To add insult to total injury the response to the customer survey was unsatisfactory - a copy paste response of oops, we will pass this along. No wonder the ratings on here are so low the store is a disgrace. Cheap clothes, cheap service. I was so incensed after the appalling display that I've come here to write about it!",1,2026-05-03 13:18:08+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,I had an issue with my delivery,"I had an issue with my delivery due to DHL, who unfortunately didn’t cooperate at all and ended up returning my package to the UK without even attempting proper delivery. However, the customer service from Lucy & Yak was absolutely amazing. They were incredibly kind, understanding, and genuinely felt sorry about the situation. They helped me as much as they could, kept communicating clearly, and even offered me a discount because of everything that happened. I also received sincere apologies, which I really appreciated. I’ve always been a big fan of Lucy & Yak, and this experience only confirmed that. Their clothing is not only super fun and unique, but also really great quality especially the trousers, and I love their shirts and sweaters as well. Thank you for the great service Ella (and the rest of the team) 💛",5,2026-05-01 18:57:11+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Anyone know how to complain higher…,Anyone know how to complain higher still no sign of my refund after chasing customer serves and sending proof or return?,1,2026-05-01 09:46:31+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Visited the Rose St shop in Edinburgh,"Visited the Rose St shop in Edinburgh.  Walked in and instantly felt like a little person in a sweetie shop! So many gorgeous colours, designs and materials. Staff were lovely too, very chatty and happy to help (I would be too if I worked there, it’s a dream of a shop!) Treated myself to dungarees, trousers and a t-shirt. Don’t usually treat myself like that but could not resist as there’s so many nice things. Quality of the clothing is great too. Overall a very positive experience 🙂",5,2026-04-30 18:50:55+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,They never delivered my parcel and they…,They never delivered my parcel and they said they did. Felons ! Should not be allowed to sell . Customer service should take action .,1,2026-04-30 15:58:48+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Ignoring customers,"I contacted Missguided to arrange a return and initially received a response with a return address, but was told I had to cover the postage myself. Most companies now provide prepaid return labels, so had I known this, I wouldn’t have placed the order—especially when returning multiple items. I’ve now returned the items and provided full proof of postage, but despite emailing three times, I’ve had no response. It feels like my emails are being ignored to delay or avoid issuing a refund. Very disappointing experience, and I won’t be ordering from them again. I will let paypal know in order to get my refund back and I will post this all over my Instagram following and tiktok.",1,2026-04-30 13:55:53+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Awful non-responsive customer service…,"Awful non-responsive customer service that just ignore your emails despite saying they will respond within 24 hours, that's a joke! The returns policy does not state anywhere that the customer pays for return postage but they do. Just wondering if anyone actually ever receives their refund? Honest advice would be to AVOID this SH*T SHOW",1,2026-04-29 22:24:20+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Fantastic experience at Lucy & Yak in Exeter,"Fantastic experience at Lucy & Yak Exeter! My daughter and I visited Lucy & Yak in Exeter today just for a browse, and ended up leaving with a lovely t-shirt and a beautiful floral dress. We were helped by Connie and Kira, who were both fantastic. They gave us great advice, shared helpful tips, explained what was available in different sizes and styles, and guided us to the changing rooms. Their customer service was genuinely excellent—friendly, attentive, and knowledgeable. We also loved the community notice board in store, where I was able to put up some Wellbeing Exeter cards for my work. It’s such a thoughtful touch and really adds to the welcoming atmosphere. It was great to see a range of affordable extras too, like plant pots, £1 bags, and the £3 canvas bags. Overall, we had a really lovely shopping experience. Customer service was 10/10—you truly feel welcomed and supported here. We’ll definitely be back!",5,2026-04-26 21:51:09+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Wtf happened to Missguided,Wtf happened to Missguided? Obviously didn’t realise it had been taken over by a cheap awful company and now the quality is DIRE with inflated prices and you’ll wait 100 days to even get your items.,1,2026-04-24 20:40:38+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Unfair returns policy for defected items,"It took over a week for the item to be delivered and when it finally arrived it was damaged. Had to pay for it to be delivered and pay again for it's return. Appalling! They provide defected clothing but expect you to cover the cost. If I could give zero stars I would. I don't recommend this company, as there are far better ones out there that have better quality clothing and a fairer returns policy.Particularly, if items arrive damaged.",1,2026-04-24 16:53:57+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Love Lucy &Yak,I have ordered lots of items from Lucy & Yak and I love their clothes and bags. I have nothing but great stuff to say about their items and their customer service has always been amazing. I have always ordered online and never managed to go to one of your stores. Sadly I have recently moved to Australia but when I return to the UK for a holiday I will 100 % go into one of your stores in person. Happy customer indeed.,5,2026-04-24 13:42:47+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,WILL NOT REFUND MY TRACKED RETURN - AVOID!!!!,Ordered an item - returned it tracked delivery and they’ve decided not to refund me. So taking it to my bank now. It’s been weeks!!!! Thieves and clearly scammers - wish I had checked trustpilot!!!!!!! What happened to the good old Missguided??!! I don’t even want to leave one star. This is fraud and theft of my money!!!!!! I will be reporting and making sure anyone I know avoids like the bubonic plague,1,2026-04-24 12:26:53+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Helpful and thorough ✨,Helpful and thorough ✨,5,2026-04-23 13:48:55+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Excellent customer service,"Again, swift communication and my query answered and dealt with effectively. 🙏🏼",5,2026-04-21 21:44:38+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Great customer service and product quality!,"I have placed several orders with Lucy and Yak before, and I have always been pleased with the product I received and the customer service. Most recently I placed an order in which I received two of the items I ordered and one item that was the same type as what I ordered but the wrong color. After emailing customer service, they promptly responded and created a new order to send me the correct item and didn't ask me to go out of my way to return the incorrect item. I am very pleased with how well this brand treats its customers. It is a bit expensive, but I always know what I get from them will be high quality. I also really appreciate their brand ethics.",5,2026-04-20 18:45:29+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,I love the team,"I love the team, they always come across as friendly and helpful. They respond well to feedback. You definitely feel like you matter as a customer to Lucy & Yak. ❤️",5,2026-04-19 10:25:01+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,The jeans length was shorter than…,"The jeans length was shorter than expected. The material is decent, just not as sturdy as I hoped.",2,2026-04-16 22:48:02+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,If I could leave zero stars I would,If I could leave zero stars I would ! Absolutely no return policy for customers what’s so ever ! They tell you to pay for the return with certain carriers and if you don’t you won’t get refunded and then you have to send them a photo of the label and tracking number etc and then they say if it’s not satisfactory then they won’t refund basically! I have never known a complaint not provide a QR Code for returns ! Absolutely disgusting ! I will never shop with missguided again ! And begrudge giving them 1star .,1,2026-04-14 12:30:48+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Great help in the changing area,"Danny the shop assistant couldn't do any more to become ,being a curvy girl I don't feel comfortable in changing areas ,but she helped to find other sizes and said she liked what I had chosen and said I looked great in them .",5,2026-04-13 22:16:21+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Just not worth it,"Just not worth it. I learned my lesson never shop with a company who does not provide a prepaid shipping label. Because I was returning denim, shipping was over $13.",1,2026-04-11 12:11:37+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Trafford centre store staff useless,Went to the Trafford centre store this evening and the staff were appalling My wife asked 2 different members of staff if they stocked a particular item of clothing both said no and acted like they couldn’t care less We found the item after spending 20 minutes looking Then had to queue for ages cos only half the tills were open,1,2026-04-10 00:01:51+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,I discovered some flaws in the fabric…,I discovered some flaws in the fabric of the first jumpsuit I got sent and they made it right quickly. Some of the best customer service I’ve experienced! Will definitely buy again and have already turned one of my sisters on to them for their inclusive sizing!,5,2026-04-09 19:16:56+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,I was able to return my trousers easily…,I was able to return my trousers easily with no fuss when the sizing was incorrect. I did have to send another email to receive my refund though as there was a slight delay.,4,2026-04-09 12:23:03+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Love love love ❤️,Love love love ❤️ Ella is a ⭐,5,2026-04-07 16:41:23+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Not ordered anything,Not ordered anything. Wrost products,1,2026-04-06 06:49:05+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,A disgrace,"Ordered several items, took forever to receive.  Trying to return anything back is a complete nightmare, so frustrating, it's pretty much impossible and after reading all these reviews with having to pay for returns and not receiving a refund have decided to keep the items and sell on otherwise will certainly be out of pocket at least hopefully will get something back.  Customer service is shocking just a generic email with false information. Never will I purchase from them again. My advice...AVOID!!!",1,2026-04-05 02:24:53+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Buyer beware!,"I ordered a white lace dress with bell sleeves from Missguided. When the dress arrived and I tried it on, the sleeves were huge and overhung past my fingertips. I started the returns process which was a nightmare. I was constantly having to email them then wait weeks for a reply. Eventually, I had to take photographs with a tape measure on the garment to show the problem,  which I did, then wait weeks again for a reply. Eventually, they said to return the garment but they wouldn't reimburse me for the cost of the return postage. I had to chase them up for weeks again regarding my refund, I then received an email asking for proof of postage. Luckily,  I'd screenshot the tracking emails from Royal Mail which showed the items journey and even a photo of it at their depot. Still no response from them so I had to email again asking for my refund. A few days later, I received a reply saying I'd get a $19.99 refund, yet I'd paid $5.22 postage for the item to be sent and nearly £4 for it to be sent back to them. It's outrageous when the item they sent is manufactured incorrectly, with the sleeves being 4 inches longer than a normal sized ladies sleeve. How are women expected to wear this dress when the sleeves overhang past their fingertips by 4 inches? So buyer beware, the item you receive may be totally the wrong size, looks nothing like the photograph or is flawed but you'll have to pay the postage both ways if you want to return it. A Chinese company masquerading as a British company with no qualms about sending you inferior, missized ladies clothing.",1,2026-04-04 11:32:12+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,I’d give them less than one star if I…,I’d give them less than one star if I could. I ordered a jacket which was huge so had to return. Went on their portal to see how to return. Returns are payable by the customer. So I paid evri for the return then went to print label at the shop. You have to put the bar code and a photo of the parcel on their portal. I got the address on their return portal. Just received an email telling me it’s a different address and it does not match the tracking number. Absolute scam. They have changed the postal address so it will not now get to the correct person or address. I’m absolutely livid. I’ve emailed customer services twice now. Don’t buy anything from them. I  know they have been bought out by Shein but even Shein are better than this rubbish. They need to get better with their customer services. Terrible !,1,2026-04-03 23:41:04+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Definitely 10 out of 10!,"The customer service is the best and the communications is the fastest I have experienced! I placed an order on their website on Saturday and received the parcel on Tuesday. Super fast. It’s 2 jumpsuits. But after I tried it and thought it’s a bit tight for me so I wanted an exchange. I wasn’t quite sure about how to process exchange instead of return online, so I sent an e-mail. I sent the e-mail on Tuesday afternoon after 5pm. Super quick I got the reply e-mail just next morning 8:30am already. Liz, who replied my e-mail, had double confirmed what I want to exchange and sizes, gave me options of how to process the return, and confirming my address etc, managed to send out my parcel on that same afternoon already! Their designs are great, website is easy to use, and the customer service is the best I have experienced. Liz, you are the best!",5,2026-04-03 20:22:07+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,The worst experience in Hamburg,The worst experience in Hamburg. The staff at this store don't speak English and treat people like thieves. Not even the manager or supervisor can string two words of English together. Terrible service.,1,2026-04-01 15:45:36+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Great returns system,Great returns system. Speedy replies when I had a question and the jeans are great!!! Great size inclusivity too,5,2026-03-31 21:53:47+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,I needed to find a replacement item…,"I needed to find a replacement item that was no longer available to purchase on the website - customer service picked up my query SO fast (over the weekend too, which was unexpected). They were able to raise an order for me once stock was located. Amazing customer service",5,2026-03-30 20:52:54+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,I never received and order (due to…,I never received and order (due to Royal Mail) once I informed Lucy and yak they were on it straight away and issued a refund.  Excellent service,5,2026-03-27 22:11:55+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Don’t order from if based in the UK.,Don’t order from if based in the UK. I made an £80 order and it took about 3 weeks to arrive. Good quality clothing but sizing way off so needed to send all 3 items back. Problem is they don’t have a returns procedure for the UK. You have to contact them to ask and they tell you to return via Royal Mail at your own expense!! Cost me £9 to send via tracked. You cannot upload the returns information on their returns page as it will not accept it. It only lists Evri (which they don’t use) and UPS and DHL. You also have to return to a random person in Walsall with no proper returns note inside just a hand written note. I then had to chase them for a refund after a week of receiving the parcel. Had to send the proof of return postage receipt to customer services before they acknowledged my return and refund. Very stressful and would never buy from again!!!,1,2026-03-27 15:58:06+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Great clothes and great service,"As always, rapid delivery, great clothes and easy returns if they're not quite right. I'm really chuffed with my new cord jacket (felt very stylish for my holiday) and sloppy hoodie, so cosy. Got new pants too! These are a different design to before and the jury's still out on whether I like them as much. I love that I can send old clothes to Rapanui for recycling, I will be doing that, when they eventually wear out!",5,2026-03-21 10:57:10+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,AVIOD - Returns go back to a name and not a business,"AVIOD - New company that's brough the name. The returns go back to a Name not a business. A silly returns process, you have to update a photo of the label on the parcel, you have to upload tracking number. If not done they do not refund you. Then when you provide this information at a later date, they do not refund all the items. SCAM",1,2026-03-17 12:04:14+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Superb thank you,Superb thank you. I had a fault on  My jumpsuit. I contacted them and had a reply and replacement straight away. Thank you,5,2026-03-16 23:49:16+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Great fit,"Great fit, good quality, interesting designs and good ethics. Happy days",5,2026-03-16 18:16:27+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,It’s great to see the transparency of…,"It’s great to see the transparency of the company when it comes to sustainability as that is something important to me. There is a bit of a limited selection of styles, not many tapered pants. Sizing was personally the most difficult. If I went by body measurements, it did not fit although it could be an error on my end when measuring. I made two attempts to get the right size before deeming it a lost cause. They did reach out to ask about my measurements to give sizing recommendations for the pants and other clothing I want to purchase which I see as a great remedy. However, I feel as though I’ve lost enough money as a portion of my refund is used to pay for the shipping back. If I was in the UK, it might not be so bad but it’s decently expensive as a US resident. Customer service was very helpful when I accidentally swapped the return labels.",3,2026-03-16 17:55:58+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,The quality of clothing is fantastic…,The quality of clothing is fantastic and just seems to fit me well.,5,2026-03-15 23:28:03+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Great company,"Great company, great ethos, great clothes Highly recommend people check them out. Clothes are always high quality.",5,2026-03-15 22:21:56+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,DO NOT BUY CHARGERS FROM HERE,I’m happy with most of Primark’s products except their phone chargers which last less than a month. Sometimes cheap possibly doesn’t mean that the product is reliable or good quality. The charger disconnects if I even move my phone or plug it in.,3,2026-03-15 22:21:01+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Well worth the money. Comfortable fit,"I ordered my fourth scoop neck t shirt as really like the design and fit of these. Not too low, a really nice length and the material feels very nice next to the skin. The others I have have washed well. Just hoping for a rose pink in this style 😊",4,2026-03-15 21:23:36+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,People genuinely compliment me!,"People genuinely compliment me on rapanui clothes. Unique, comfy and cool without being pretentious.",5,2026-03-15 18:16:42+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,I absolutely love Rapanui,I absolutely love Rapanui and their ethos. The t-shirts are always loved when gifted. I have bought my favourite pj bottoms and shorts from them. Everything is well made using quality materials.,5,2026-03-15 14:21:53+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,I love Rapanui,I love Rapanui! Lovely clothes. Great quality. Good eco credentials.,5,2026-03-14 17:19:55+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Love Rapanui,Love Rapanui. Fantastic quality at reasonable prices. I have been buying their t shirts for about 4 years now. They reliably wash and wear really well.,5,2026-03-14 10:50:14+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Quality gear,"Quality gear, pretty cool designs. Love the ethos Packaging easy to reuse. Clothes wash easy and last. Delivery so far has been when they say it will be. Issue’s wife keeps nicking my best hoody, daughter is eyeing up my tee’s",5,2026-03-14 09:52:38+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Great underwear,Great underwear. Brilliant service,5,2026-03-13 20:38:17+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Great quality clothes at great prices,"Great quality clothes at great prices! I have been lucky enough to buy a few sweatshirts in the sale. Really pleased with the quality. Would definitely purchase more clothes in the future. Also, Rapanui are environmentally pro active too🙂 Its a thumbs up review from me👍🏼",5,2026-03-13 18:38:38+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Rapanui provides great service,"Rapanui provides great service, great quality and design within an ethical and sustainable practice. I have been shopping their range for over 10 years now and always been very happy to return to them as a customer.",5,2026-03-13 17:53:33+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,I’ve been buying from Rapanui for about…,I’ve been buying from Rapanui for about the last 10ish years. Love their clothing and the Remill scheme. 100% recommend - affordable ethical clothing. It’s made well and lasts.,5,2026-03-13 17:16:26+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Circular superstar,"Rapanui make great quality, all natural products. I love the natural colours and the environmentally friendly dyes used. Also, Rapanui are leading the way in the circular economy and actually putting it into action in a B2C context! It's amazing to be able to send back items when they no longer fit me, rather than having to send them to landfill. Fingers crossed more businesses follow suit in future!",5,2026-03-13 17:15:12+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Buy most of my clothes from here these…,Buy most of my clothes from here these days. Great style and great quality and nice to know I'm not damaging the environment in the process.,5,2026-03-13 15:54:33+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Rapanui the right choice,I like Rapanui clothing and have bought several items down the years both for myself and family. The model they have set up is brave and the right thing to do in an age of disposal clothes not made to last. I haven't yet used the return scheme but plan to in the future.,5,2026-03-13 15:03:08+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,2nd Purchase,I already had 5 for £35 t-shirts from about 4 yrs ago. Still in great condition ( as new really! apart fron one which I wore painting...) Decided to buy the 7 for £60 offer just to have more variety in colour. Slightly different feel to the cotton and different crew neck but still the same good value.,5,2026-03-13 14:25:20+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,I fell in love with everything Rapanui…,I fell in love with everything Rapanui stood for about 8 years ago and have bought bits and pieces over the years (they don’t wear out 🤣 some t-shirts still going strong) but now that I can send them back for recycling I can justify the odd extra purchase. This year it was the Parka coat that caught my eye and it’s a game changer for wet drizzly days. Almost makes being in the rain fun!!!,5,2026-03-13 13:31:11+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Great quality products and excellent customer service,Great quality products and excellent customer service when having to deal with returns or exchanges.,5,2026-03-13 12:42:39+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,All clothes.,"I have bought from Rapanui for a number of years and so far I have loved each item of clothing I have purchased whether it be cotton lined coat, trousers, tees or sweater, I can’t fault the quality. True to size. Customer service is faultless and that is why I keep on buying from this great ethical Company. Highly recommend.",5,2026-03-13 12:33:22+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Favourite company,"I've had loads of clothes from Rapanui and they're all lovely. Anything that didn't fit was super easy to return. I love the sustainability ethics behind the company and the pricing is comparable to any high street retailer, so guilt free shopping!",5,2026-03-13 12:18:37+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Rapanui our local business,Rapanui clothes are very well made. I have bought lots of their organic cotton T-shirts and they always fit perfect. I also invested in a wild swim robe the colour is gorgeous and the towelling material on the inside does a very good job as I use it now to have a dip in the sea. I am also glad there are no big lettering on the back. The best of this company is that I can send back my clothes to be recycled. I would recommend Rapanui to anyone well done and it is also a local firm on the Isle of Wight. Thank you Rapanui keep on going you are doing a good job.,5,2026-03-13 12:17:37+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Best clothing company ever,"Best clothing company ever: ethical and sustainable, recycles, prints custom t-shirts (great if you have a small business), great offers, great range of garments. What is not to like?",5,2026-03-13 11:42:41+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Very well made clothes for everyday,"Very well made clothes for everyday! Sadly, I've only managed to send 1x T shirt back as I damaged it- they usually last AGES! Certainly a company I am very happy to support & will continue to do so, well done Rapanui!",5,2026-03-13 11:33:04+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Great item arrived quickly,"Great item arrived quickly. Fabulous colour, quality and fit.",5,2026-03-13 11:10:42+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Love my Rapanui Jumper 😊,"Love my Rapanui Jumper 😊 It is exactly how it was described, oversized and just what I was expecting. The colour is so vibrant too. I love the ethos of Rapanui too, a local company trying to make the clothing industry a better place.",5,2026-03-13 10:47:12+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,"Great Quality, Great Company","Swift order to despatch and delivery. Good selection of clothing, with great sizing charts and advice to help you make the right decision. I purchased both oversize and organic t-shirts and the quality is superior and worth every penny. Great fit and feel and they look amazing. Added benefit, when worn out scan the QR and return for recycle... So helpful the environment with purchase and aftersale! Highly recommended!",5,2026-03-13 10:43:11+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Great company,Efficient company that ticks all my ethical and eco boxes and great clothing,5,2026-03-13 10:40:39+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Excellent quality,Excellent quality. Speedy delivery.,5,2026-03-13 10:38:39+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,The clothes are wonderful,The clothes are wonderful - and very cross-generational and loved by my children in their 30's as much as myself and my wife in our 60's! All contact with the company is a pleasure - very friendly and helpful. For us personally it is another plus point (as former Isle of Wight residents) that such a good company comes from a place we loved to live :),5,2026-03-13 10:30:47+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Great company,"I love Rapanui’s clothing and ethos - I’ve bought t-shirts, sweatshirts, shackets and hats, and get a lot of wear from all of them. They are the cornerstones of my day-to-day outfits. Great fabrics, thoughtful cuts and solid ethics.",5,2026-03-13 10:20:13+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Great products and ethics,"I have bought many t-shirts, shirts and jackets from Rapanui and all fit great and are good quality. Caring for the environment is important to me so it's good to know it matters to Rapanui too.",5,2026-03-13 10:03:15+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,"Rapanui is my go to for good quality, ethical clothing","Rapanui is my go to for good quality, ethical clothing. I could create so many different outfits with their items both for work and at weekends, and for every kind of weather!! I love that it's organic cotton, sustainably made and super comfortable.",5,2026-03-13 10:00:58+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,I love Rapanui!,"I absolutely love Rapanui as a company, their clothes are always really well made.  I love the vibe of the brand as sustainable and nature loving, there is so much fast fashion around now and Rapanui feels like an antidote to that.  I own several pieces from them and they are my go to for basics that I know will be comfortable and last.",5,2026-03-13 09:55:03+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Rapanui is a brand I can trust,"Rapanui is a brand I can trust to provide high quality garments made by environmentally sound methods and sustainable organic materials. The website is easy to navigate, the ordering process straightforward and delivery is reliable and quick.",5,2026-03-13 09:45:37+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Their clothes are well designed,"Their clothes are well designed, well made with great material + they care for the environment! They make me feel and look good.",5,2026-03-13 09:30:13+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Fantastic brand doing what all other…,"Fantastic brand doing what all other fashion brands should be doing with their circular model approach to sustainability. Absolutely love the design, cut and fit of their garments. Great customer care. Never been let down.",5,2026-03-13 08:54:47+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Great product,"Great product, easy to exchange when size wrong, postage quick , good customer service.",5,2026-03-13 08:50:06+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,"Excellent, ethical, quality.",Excellent company with really good ethical approach to business. All products I’ve bought have been great quality. I love their recycling philosophy too! Keep it up!!,5,2026-03-13 08:37:04+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Lovely products,Lovely products. Soft cotton in great colours.,5,2026-03-13 07:38:04+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Good quality tee shirts,"Good quality tee shirts, hard wearing and comfortable. Especially love the new thicker one. Could just do with a few more colour options.",4,2026-03-13 07:27:34+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Love this brand,"Love this brand, guilt free clothing 😁",5,2026-03-13 06:48:53+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Top quality clothing,"Top quality clothing,  sustainable business, great customer service....what's not to love",5,2026-03-13 05:23:01+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Trust ... and I love Rapanui,"Well... it's all based on trust, and great fabrics, design and ethics.  I bought a rain jacket in January... for travel in tropical but wet climates.  It was perfect, held out in a flood, and it took me home.  And it looked cool! x",5,2026-03-13 02:17:04+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,"Rapanui ~ Ethical to it's core. Plus great designs, beautiful fabrics, true to size.","I have been purchasing clothing & accessories for children & adults, from Rapanui for years. I have never been less than 100% happy with the quality, fit, materials from which items are made and most importantly, the ethical foundation underpinning it's trading. I have no connection whatsoever with the company, apart from being a very satisfied customer. If you haven't already tried them, do! 5* all the way from me",5,2026-03-13 01:33:03+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Quick delivery and good quality…,Quick delivery and a good quality product. Have made a couple of purchases and am very happy with the quality of what I have bought,5,2026-03-13 01:01:04+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Rapanui is my go to online store for…,"Rapanui is my go to online store for good quality, well fitting clothing, that’s sustainably produced. Delivery is prompt and reliable. The 100% cotton t-shirts, hoodies and joggers last for ages, but if they do wear out, (mine are still going strong), they can be returned free of charge in exchange for a voucher. Great way to keep clothes out of landfill.",5,2026-03-13 00:49:48+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Great quality,"Really good quality long sleeved tee shirts. Comfortable, soft organic cotton fabric, properly long sleeves and a roomy fit. My order arrived quickly too, which is always a plus!",5,2026-03-13 00:17:11+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Great quality clothes,"Great quality clothes and at a price comparable to anything else you find on the high street. Delivery is within a few days and in paper packaging, which is great. If you need to, returns are easy and refunds are processed quickly.",5,2026-03-12 23:47:11+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Rapinui is a great company with a perfect mandate,Rapinui is a great company with a perfect mandate for the planet! I love that they are committed to natural organic and/or recycled products for sustainability. But more than that I love their style combined with practicality and comfortable fabrics.  Fabulous clothes!,5,2026-03-12 23:39:27+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Just read they will shut all its stores…,Just read they will shut all its stores across UK. Then found out it's only closing for 24 hours for Easter Sunday.  I was excited for a second. I hate primark. Reminds me of a jumble sale or carboot sale. Clothes are draft excluders. Also can't stand Rita skank Ora. No role model.,1,2026-03-12 23:33:49+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Excellent quality overshirt and casual…,Excellent quality overshirt and casual trousers. Good material and style. Will use company again.,5,2026-03-12 23:03:06+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Rapanui always!,"Rapanui make the buying experience simple and quick. I have bought t shirts, sweatshirts and socks from them for years! Always brilliant quality, built sustainably to last.",5,2026-03-12 22:50:27+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,A great ethical company with good…,A great ethical company with good values to order from. Great products & service!,5,2026-03-12 22:49:41+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,10/10 would 100% recommend,"Superb quality clothing, ethically made, and comfy as hell!",5,2026-03-12 22:41:34+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,good for the planet,"amazing quality,good for the planet,great design and variety",5,2026-03-12 22:39:36+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,The best sweatshirts ever,"The best sweatshirts ever, they're soft, beautifully cut and great value...with the added bonus of being gentle on our earth",5,2026-03-12 22:33:09+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Great quality good value products,"Great quality good value products, delivered quickly in minimal packaging.",5,2026-03-12 22:24:20+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,"Bish, bash, bosh",Quality product and service to compliment the aspirational ethics.,5,2026-03-12 22:17:42+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Love the ethic and aesthetic,"Love the ethic and aesthetic. Love the drape of the t- shirts, which are a bit unusual.",5,2026-03-12 22:12:38+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Great in every way!,"Brilliant quality clothing, great designs, ethically produced - win, win, win 😃",5,2026-03-12 22:06:32+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Been a huge fan of Rapanui for years,"Been a huge fan of Rapanui for years. The products they sell are brilliant, as is their mission. I absolutely love the circular economy and the ability to send back old T-shirts etc once I’ve worn them out and they can be broken back down and remade. Such an incredibly important move! On the rare occasions things haven’t fit quite right returns have been amazingly easy as well!",5,2026-03-12 22:05:17+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Rapini clothes are always excellent…,Rapini clothes are always excellent value. Well made and wear well and such a relief to buy from an ethical crowd of people.,5,2026-03-12 21:57:11+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,"Love, Love, Love Lucy & Yak!","Love Lucy & Yak. Love supporting their mission of sustainability, and love their service & clothing.",5,2026-03-12 21:55:18+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Bought a couple of pima t-shirts from…,"Bought a couple of pima t-shirts from Rapanui and couple of months ago - they're the nicest quality t-shirts I've ever owned. I've since bought a couple more of the stripey t-shirts and a jumper... all just lovely quality, wash well, and so comfortable. I'm sure I'll be back for more!",5,2026-03-12 21:47:06+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Definitely for me and the planet!…,I like both the style and quality of all the garments I have bought from Rapanui. Their value for money is super and the ethics of the company takes some beating.,5,2026-03-12 21:42:40+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Excellent quality,"Just received two more t shirts, excellent quality, great fit and delivered quickly in eco packaging.",5,2026-03-12 21:36:19+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Doing things right,Think it’s great rapanui are trying to do things the right way. More businesses need to follow their lead. Great range of clothes too,5,2026-03-12 21:22:48+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Excellent company,"Excellent company, sustainable, good ethics, great clothes, fair prices. Nothing to dislike.",5,2026-03-12 21:13:11+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Great quality clothing at a reasonable…,Great quality clothing at a reasonable price.  T shirts are particularly good,5,2026-03-12 21:08:17+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Superb,"Easy to order and  delivery prompt Quality of products is excellent Husband still wearing t shirts 5-6 years old Would never buy t shirts anywhere else Little waste, no plastic bags etc  recycling encouraged - return old items",5,2026-03-12 21:06:48+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,I'm with Rapanui since 2022 and I don't…,I'm with Rapanui since 2022 and I don't plan to change anytime soon. Thank you!,5,2026-03-12 21:03:47+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Lovely quality clothes,"Lovely quality clothes, nicely styled. Good service. Ethical. Love them",5,2026-03-12 21:00:16+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Excellent clothing,Excellent clothing. Good quality and comfortable shirts. Love the fact that you can recycle your old Rapanui clothes with the company and they make new clothes with the  material,5,2026-03-12 20:57:34+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,I would love to give a positive review…,"I would love to give a positive review as I have been buying from Rapanui for many years to support their ethical approach. However, I have now had so many poor quality items, that really don't last very long, that I can no longer consider it a sustainable choice. I also find it frustrating that when I raise a concern (ie, most recently you have sent me a jumper with a hole in it) I rarely get a reply without having to chase.",3,2026-03-12 20:51:27+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Fantastic quality clothes.,Fantastic quality clothes. I love my jumpers from Rapanui. The blue and green v necks are lovely and so comfy. I love Rapanui's green credentials.,5,2026-03-12 20:51:11+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Love this company,Love this company.  Clothes are great quality.  Returns quick and easy.  Would absolutely recommend.,5,2026-03-12 20:49:03+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,"Great company, great quality clothes","Great company, great clothes. I keep coming back. The cotton surfer towel poncho was a huge hit as a present for my family members.",5,2026-03-12 20:46:59+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Quality products,"Quality products , great service and not costing the earth. What’s not to love ?",5,2026-03-12 20:43:45+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Great quality ethical clothes business,"Great customer service, reliable delivery, no wasted plastic in the delivery packaging and really high quality clothes. Plus a great attitude to sustainability. Would 100% recommend.",5,2026-03-12 20:41:35+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,"Smock, utility trousers, t shirts.","Everything that I've bought from Rapanui , t shirts for my Mrs. Coats, trousers, shirts, have all been made to the best quality. Great fitting and completely original. Safe in the knowledge it's all environmentally friendly. 100% recommend.",5,2026-03-12 20:37:06+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Great clothes,"Great clothes, great sale",5,2026-03-12 20:36:30+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Great quality clothing made in a…,Great quality clothing made in a sustainable way.,5,2026-03-12 20:34:57+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,super company!,"Great clothes - make up over half my wardrobe! Love all the designs. Fast postage, great customer service and a focus on sustainability.",5,2026-03-12 20:34:51+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Rapanui is an ethical and high quality…,Rapanui is an ethical and high quality circular producer of clothing. They have a great exchange system for when the clothes are no longer as fresh as they were. They have already been pioneering a way for a while and have influenced much of how we can buy things with minimal impact on the environment. The way they do things continues to blaze a trail and gives hope for the future.,5,2026-03-12 20:34:38+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Bought some clothes for my son,"Bought some clothes for my son, he loves them all, material is really good quality and soft. I then bought my son in law some track bottoms and Top and he hasn’t stopped wearing them. Great company.",5,2026-03-12 20:33:42+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,The quality is second to none.,"The quality is amazing. I have purchased many items now and each item is always perfect. From underwear to winter coats ,I have absolutely nothing negative to say about any items.",5,2026-03-12 20:28:13+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Rapanui - my first choice for shirts and jackets,"Rapanui is now my go-to choice for great quality, long-lasting T-shirts, shirts, and jackets. And when they finally wear out. I can return them free of charge for recycling and a credit.",5,2026-03-12 20:23:56+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,I love the ethical and sustainable…,I love the ethical and sustainable stance that Rapanui have taken. Love the products. Latest joys are organic towelling beach robes used after showering in our household and the simple light design of the mens cotton hooded raincoat,5,2026-03-12 20:23:11+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,The guys at Rapanui completes my order…,The guys at Rapanui completes my order efficiently and it arrived packed in eco friendly packaging. The t shirts are as expected and medium ordered fitted as expected. Lovely soft cotton of a nice weight.,5,2026-03-12 20:20:13+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Love how the material feels on my skin,I love their products and the way they feel on my skin. I'm trying to remove toxins from artificial materials entering my body and this company products are a great help. I'm a fan!,5,2026-03-12 20:15:58+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Bought a lot of stuff from Rapanui over…,Bought a lot of stuff from Rapanui over the years. Really good quality and great service if you need to exchange anything.,5,2026-03-12 20:15:36+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Excellent Company,"Great company to deal with, good quality, reasonable prices. I  have bought several items of clothing for me and my family and efficient delivery too..",5,2026-03-12 20:14:21+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Very happy customer,"I love the jacket I got, the colour, the cut, the quality, all are perfect.",5,2026-03-12 20:12:28+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Love Rapanui,"The clothes are good quality, good fit and reasonably priced especially considering their environmental credentials. Can’t say enough good things about Rapanui, I have been buying from them for years and always a positive experience.",5,2026-03-12 20:10:44+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Lovely quality clothing and it feels…,"Lovely quality clothing and it feels good to shop with such an ethical company. I have numerous short and long sleeved t shirts in different colours. The quality is great, customer service is excellent, the organic cotton is soft and wears well.",5,2026-03-12 20:09:58+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Great clothes,Great clothes. Ethically sourced. Great customer service  what more can you ask for!,5,2026-03-12 20:08:47+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Rapanui is an amazing organisation!,"Rapanui is an amazing organisation that makes quality, beautiful clothing which is super sustainable and good for people ans planet. All my interactions with their cistomer service team have been stellar and I just love Rapanui and everything they are doing ❤️",5,2026-03-12 20:06:40+00:00,Trustpilot
Rapanui,Ethical Fashion,Good stuff at good prices,"Bought several things over the last couple of years and all have been good, the sweatshirts and hoodies are particularly toasty. Prices are good as well, and the delivery has always been solid.",5,2026-03-12 20:06:34+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Self service tills,Spent half of my lunch break in Drogheda choosing some items to purchase. Could not wait in Q as it was so long. Too many self service and not enough tellers. Have had to stop shopping in penneys during the week for this reason,2,2026-03-12 16:26:53+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Awful,"Awful, cannot speak to anyone in customer service. Ordered my items a week ago and no update. The website states delivery within 5 days. Absolute lies!! I want my money back you scammers.",1,2026-03-11 21:02:49+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,WORST COMPANY EVER,WORST COMPANY EVER! Not even worth one star. Do not order!! Has now been taken over by Shein. Takes forever to arrive even though it says 5 working days. Quality is horrendous. No item is as described. They have a ridiculous return process that they do not respond to. Been waiting since November for a refund! Absolute joke!,1,2026-03-06 21:11:08+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Absolute crap,"Absolute crap, over £100 on shit that comes off shein, nothings the right size, looks like costume clothing. Waste of money and time.",1,2026-03-05 00:04:26+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Where is my order!,Terrible experience! Paid via PayPal and they have no option of contacting them if you are not a registered member on their website! I ordered 3 weeks ago and no update that it’s been dispatched at all and no way of contacting them! SHAMELESS and DISGRACEFUL. This is actually fraud!!!,1,2026-03-02 23:55:43+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,I’m giving 5 stars because my issue was…,I’m giving 5 stars because my issue was resolved!  I sent back some items recently and when I got my refund I only received it on part of my return. I emailed and they replied pretty quickly and confirmed they had only received part of my return when I sent it all! I kept my receipt from the post office which by weight confirmed by the weight that I’d sent everything. Full refund was issued. Scary moment but all resolved. So happy. Just abit sad that happened. I have since returned other bits with no issues,5,2026-03-02 06:56:12+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,My favorite clothing brand,They are an excellent sustainable clothing brand. I appreciate everything they do in terms of sustainability and ethics. They are very transparent and trustworthy. Some of their prints fade a bit too quickly. The quality of their clothing has been going downhill recently.,4,2026-02-21 22:14:31+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Careful with the Essence brand products - allergy r,"I bought this last week and have had the worst experience of my life. My face and neck turned red and burned. Stupidly, I gave it another try the next day because I wasn't sure the issue was this, and guess what? Again, the same problem. Because my skin was already sensitive, it has been 3 days now, and I still have my face red in some areas, and it is very itchy. Be careful….",1,2026-02-21 00:17:32+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Wish I knew and read the new reviews…,Wish I knew and read the new reviews that this was sold on to SHEIN and the delay in shipping - it has been nearly 2 weeks now and no update on the parcel. Including paying shipping costs. Loved missguided before but will completely avoid in future. Following on the parcel Finally did arrive and the items are shocking such poorly quality and an awful chemical smell - nothing at all like the pictures at all and after reading the reviews now for the returns process going to take this one on the chin and accept failure on my part! Just really disappointing as it use to be so good. The advice I give is to Avoid!,1,2026-02-19 20:03:36+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Good customer service,Kat went out of her way to sort an issue I had (no fault of L&Y nor mine) but it was resolved super quickly. Thanks Kat!,5,2026-02-19 10:24:05+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Don’t use this company. I want to return my order they make it…,I want to return my order they make it impossible. Do not use them the clothes are bad quality. You can’t contact them. I phoned to be cut off several times. My account with them shows no order  so I have no order no so can not get any information to return my order.  Do Not Use Them,1,2026-02-18 12:27:30+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Nightmare returns policy,"So I had no idea about Missguided going into liquidation in 2022 and now work with Shein. I would never have come on here if I decided that I wanted to keep the jacket which is nice , lined etc but I decided nearly £40 was just a bit much when I didn’t really need it. So was going to send back. Instantly when I went through the refund process, they took off £7 from what I paid and said I’d get just over £30 back. I thought they’d send a shipping label for postage, they don’t, you have to write it on yourself I think then pay for the postsge?! Tbh I’m completely confused what I have to do and by reading all the 1 star reviews on here I can’t believe how many people have not been refunded after returning their order. So I’m not returning the jacket as it looks like a nightmare and I probably wouldn’t get my money back less very expensive postage!! Terrible customer service.",2,2026-02-18 00:08:35+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Top notch overall,"Top notch services, and high quality clothes. They helped me with my return issue I faced immediately and that helped a lot.",5,2026-02-15 17:40:32+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Mega !,"No mater if it´s from the website or in store, it’s always a perfect experience. High quality items, friendly staff, and problems solved quickly (only happened once but customer service is top notch ! See you soon",5,2026-02-15 16:34:29+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Returns,"Had to return a pair of jeans. The process went smoothly even with the re activation of a voucher. One of the assistants realised I need a petite size as I’m 5’2” and produced a pair of the same style which fitted perfectly. Very professional, very happy me!",5,2026-02-15 12:07:15+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,The return process is really tedious…,"The return process is really tedious like the other reviewers already have said. It is also costly. I had to figure out how to do it myself as their instruction is unclear. If anyone wants to know in case they didn't reply about the return, you have to ""send"" the parcel to their return address. So rather than ""returning"" it, you are ""sending"" the parcel to a recipient. On the EVRI website, I had to add the address and everything else myself and pay for the parcel myself, which cost me around £7. Then go back onto the Missguided website and enter the tracking number from the EVRI label. Saying that, I did receive my refund within a week of sending the parcel minus the shipping cost.",1,2026-02-13 20:39:22+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,"Dear Lucy & Yak Team,","Dear Lucy & Yak Team, I wanted to share my heartfelt thanks for the genuinely wonderful experience I had at your paint workshop in the Spitalfields Market pop-up on Friday 23rd January @ 11-1. From the moment I arrived, your team made me feel so welcome — especially Joe, the store manager, and Marina, his cheerful and approachable assistant. When the workshop started a little late, Marina immediately put us at ease, invited us to look around the beautiful store and greeted everyone with a warm, friendly smile. When Joe arrived, he couldn’t have been more apologetic and attentive. He took the time to explain how the workshop would run, asked if we needed anything, and listened when I explained how nervous I was about painting on my special work dungarees. Rather than dismissing my concern, he kindly offered me a practice tote bag, even asking what colour I preferred — such a thoughtful touch. His reassuring, patient, and genuinely caring manner — along with bringing us paints and offering cold drinks — made the afternoon truly special. Joe checked in at just the right moments to be supportive without hovering. I had the best couple of hours; I felt confident, creative, and genuinely happy — something I really needed after a tough week. This experience has given me the confidence to personalise my Lucy & Yak dungarees and aprons with my own designs, and I couldn’t be more delighted with what I created. See photos attached. Please could you pass this message on to head office and to Joe, and let him know how much his kindness and encouragement meant to me? I’d also love for Marina to be recognised for her warm, bright energy — her smile really sets the tone for a welcoming experience.",5,2026-02-12 22:58:06+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Shocking!!,"Shocking!!! Did not know missguided was now shein. Took an age to arrive which I wasn't warned about, every item was that awful cheap shiny material, not as described AT ALL then to top it off have to pay to return, and follow a ridiculous amount of steps to prove I have done so! I wish I saw these reviews first!! Will absolutely never use again and do not recommend. AVOID",1,2026-02-12 22:22:27+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Awful quality and NO RETURN PORTAL,"Wish I'd read these reviews before ordering! The clothes are not just terrible quality (I've since found out Missguided were bought out by SHEIN so that's probably why), I had the exact same problem as others - THERE IS NO RETURN PORTAL. You have to go to a courier website and pay to send (not return - send) the parcel back to them. This includes figuring out weight, dimensions, insuring it to the value of the order, etc. - things that would (and should) all be handled by a professional return portal like on, I don't know, EVERY OTHER CLOTHING RETAILER'S WEBSITE. Having now read the reviews and seen others don't actually get their money back after returning, I'll save myself the additional return cost (which is nearly £10 FYI - usually no more than about £4 deducted from other retailers), and try to resell these shoddy items secondhand to recoup some of my cost. I'm shocked tbh - this used to be a good shop, and now its unprofessional and sweatshop-esque. I highly recommend you DO NOT BUY.",1,2026-02-12 17:17:57+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Wish I could give no stars,"Wish I could give no stars. I ordered a pair of jeans for my daughter over a month ago, they haven't arrived. Shoppers beware, wouldn't touch them with a barge pole total scam 😒",1,2026-02-10 11:28:52+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Emily was prompt and very…,Emily was prompt and very professional.Thanks yakkers team 😊 🌺,4,2026-02-09 17:54:13+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Returns Nightmare — Still No Refund,"I’ve been a Missguided customer for years and never had major issues until now. I recently returned a dress due to poor quality and bad fit. I followed their returns process exactly, met all criteria, sent the item back, and kept both postage and tracking receipts. However, their returns portal repeatedly failed when uploading the required images. I contacted customer service multiple times via chat and email, but there is no way to speak to a real person. I only received automated or error responses, with no resolution. Missguided have the returned item and my money, yet I still haven’t received a refund. Being stuck in an endless loop of chasing is completely unacceptable. I would not recommend ordering from them.",1,2026-02-09 10:30:27+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Exeter store,"Exeter store. Messy.Untidy, Leaks from ceiling with buckets everywhere.Long queues, changing rooms -1 closed.Went to ground floor changing rooms with large section signposted 'women' and tiny section on right signposted 'unisex'.So why is there no sign for men? Disgusting! and a lot of disgruntled customers sharing same view and staff had no answers.",1,2026-02-08 11:53:38+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Recently visited the Castleford…,"Recently visited the Castleford Freeport store with my daughter and  purchased items for my daughter who has nothing but praise for the design and quality of the clothes. My daughter loved the wide range and value for money, with the assistant being extremely helpful, sorry didn't get her name.",5,2026-02-06 12:54:53+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Fast response with resolution of query,Fast response with resolution of query,5,2026-02-05 15:23:27+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Difficult to return items,Really difficult to return item and you have to pay postage yourself. No return label provided. Bad experience,1,2026-02-04 21:35:11+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Faulty Boots…,Purchased a pair of boots end of September. Not worn til Nov & complete sole has cracked. Took them back to Primark Belfast city centre. Didn't have receipt but showed bank statement which manager didn't even bother to look at. She offered me £3  refund for boots I had paid £20. She said I wasn't entitled to full refund as didn't have receipt. I brought boots back home as wouldn't accept £3 for them. I'm not a happy customer at all. Definitely won't be buying footwear from them again if this is way they go after 2 months wear.,1,2026-02-02 18:33:51+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Don't bother ordering,"Items came from China so didn't receive them in time for the event I wanted them for. Returned one of the items on 11/01, had to pay to return the item through Evri. They have confirmed the return but Misguided still haven't confirmed it or refunded the money. Just to add insult to injury I did pay in 3 through Klarna, they duplicated my payment plan so I have paid double. Have been backwards and forwards with Klarna and misguided and they both just sending me to the other. Won't order from misguided again.",1,2026-02-01 12:44:25+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Truly awful,"Truly awful, no way of returning a dress that arrived late with super low quality. Awful, lost 100 pounds",1,2026-01-30 17:33:04+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Very helpful and friendly team with…,Very helpful and friendly team with timely response.,5,2026-01-30 14:21:17+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,I will never order from here again,I will never order from here again. I ordered from Canada and the parcel went to Jamaica and back to store. I never received parcel and had to pay for the 50$ to ship to Jamaica and back to store. Never had a company do that. Disappointed kid and money lost.,1,2026-01-29 10:04:55+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,"Terrible experience, still awaiting refund 6 months later","Terrible experience - placed a large order but had to return all but one thing due to faulty stitching, poor quality and inconsistent sizing. Had to pay for the return postage myself (which was nearly £15), Missguided promised to reimburse this but sent it to the wrong PayPal account and refused to correct their mistake. Missguided used to be great but since being taken over by SHEIN it’s terrible.",1,2026-01-29 09:50:17+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Do not buy from here .I sent back 3…,Do not  buy from here .I sent back 3 item  which was signed  for  and never  got refund.  So no reply to my emails,1,2026-01-28 17:31:06+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,All good!,"Quick reply, nice communication, helped me directly and the dungarees I got are amazing!",5,2026-01-24 13:05:07+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,What Happened?,First time using Missguided since they were bought by Shein. Delivery has so far taken THREE WEEKS. Never again. A once trusted brand is now a shambles.,1,2026-01-24 09:56:59+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Responsive and supportive,I complained about the quality of a fleece I had for Christmas. The team were great and sent me a credit note. Thankyou!,5,2026-01-23 15:46:08+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,"Effective, quick and kindest crew","Love the brand and their products. The crew is always quick in solving any issues with so much kindness and understanding. I really felt considered and helped by contacting them, even though I’m not from the uk and my English can be uneven sometimes.",5,2026-01-19 13:09:32+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Too Small…,"My Daughter and I bought a box of Knickers each. Same Boxes, same size different Colours (4 pairs per box). Her ones are so obviously bigger than mine and sized correctly. Mine are too small. A return Taxi to take them back would not be cost effective. Disappointed",1,2026-01-18 22:23:14+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,I bought thermals for men from primark…,"I bought thermals for men from primark and let me say they are worth every penny. I went fishing in them for a day and passed wind at roughly 1230 pm in them. It was only at about 1530 when I got home and stripped off that it hit me. I was kept warm and dry and reminded when I got home of the quality of the said garments . Top warmth and comfort , would recommend",5,2026-01-18 21:21:46+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,The service I received was impeccable…,The service I received was impeccable and incredibly timely. Superb.,5,2026-01-17 19:03:07+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,What a terrible customer service,What a terrible customer service. Hard tp create a return. Impossible to get in touch with customer services. Sent over 2 days few messages on Facebook no one looked at it or try to help. I am blocking the site it’s so MISSGUIDED LOL CRAP COMPANY STAY AWAY FROM THEM,1,2026-01-16 12:43:59+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Poor quality of item and customer service,"Poor quality of item and customer service. I ordered a skirt which was damaged when it arrived (had a rip down the seam). The parcel came in SHEIN packaging which I was surprised about as I wasn’t aware that miss guided were now getting their clothing from SHEIN. It took ages to come too so I think it got shipped from china. I asked for a refund due to the damaged item which they were happy to give me a ‘100% refund’ - however, they only refunded me what I paid for the item and not the £4.99 shipping fee. I don’t expect to lose out on money when I receive a damaged item, but they are refusing to refund me shipping costs despite the damaged item.",1,2026-01-14 14:42:41+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,I had a problem with my ticket because…,I had a problem with my ticket because I put in the wrong email address when I emailed I’ve got a lovely response. Emily was brilliant and I’d highly recommend using this service. I’m looking forward to attending the craft event in Norwich.,5,2026-01-13 10:54:05+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Great customer service,Great customer service after order went missing. My order was replaced and sent to me straight away,5,2026-01-12 15:26:35+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,quick response,quick response alternative offered,5,2026-01-10 12:39:19+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,They are such a scam,"They are such a scam , the price of the products double when added to the cart and when u contact them they answer only by email with random text, just be aware about the price they are such a big scam I sent them screenshots of the products with the prices and they still lying, so disappointing, I was not aware on my first order so for sure I was scammed with the cost At least the shipping was ok",1,2026-01-10 07:22:13+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Decent experience,Good quality clothes for fair prices. Have bought from Lucy & Yak 5+ times without any issues.,5,2026-01-09 02:59:57+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Used to be a good company terrible…,Used to be a good company terrible service not completing refund taking weeks to get anywhere. Pretty much a scammer company now.,1,2026-01-08 10:54:46+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,First time customer,First time customer. Item came super speedy and is AMAZING! Very happy and will undoubtedly be back.,5,2026-01-04 20:57:03+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Disgraceful exchange policy,"Disgraceful exchange policy, especially when only wanted to change size of a gents fleece that was bought as a gift. We were told no exchange allowed. Primark need to review there policy.",1,2026-01-03 23:27:22+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Excellent help but more needed!,"Excellent help from my contact email, though sadly the style I had asked for is discontinued.  I was advised to advertise on L & Y “in search of” Facebook page but I found it impossible to know how to put the template into a post. Some more guidance for the less able technically would be appreciated.",5,2026-01-03 16:38:40+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,I accidentally put an old address in…,"I accidentally put an old address in for the shipping address, I then emailed the company immediately and Hannah was very quick to respond.",5,2026-01-01 17:11:58+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Size was too big for my grand daughter,"Size was too big for my grand daughter, the matter was resolved without any fuss and very quickly. Unfortunately you were sold out for this item , so a very speedy refund was given .thankyou",5,2025-12-31 18:19:42+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Always been very happy with both the…,Always been very happy with both the items and the service.,5,2025-12-30 18:35:57+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,WARNING DO NOT BUY,"Ordered what was advertised as a jumpsuit from what I thought was a local website. Shipping took over 2 weeks as its actually coming from China. I opened the package today inside was one tracksuit TOP,( not even a full jumpsuit!!!! )made of cheap swimsuit type fabric. For over £20.00 it unbearable quality. I want to return it but the process seems very inaccessible and difficult. May have to just count it as a loss.",1,2025-12-29 18:13:08+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Five star customer service,"I’ve been looking at this store for years and my first time in contact with their customer support was after receiving a gift of yaks that were unfortunately too small. However their support (specifically Hannah!) could not have been any more helpful - even with the little amount of details I had to give about the order, they easily set up the exchange/return for me. Such a lovely, great team behind such a great brand :)",5,2025-12-29 11:24:59+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Extremely disappointed with L&Y,"Extremely disappointed with L&Y! Went on to the app to order from their sale Boxing Day morning, found lots of items at incredible price of £14, so added them to my basket, however when I went to check out the prices of 3 of the items increased from £14 to anywhere between £26-42!! When I complained to L&Y they said it was a “glitch” but that they were entitled change pricing at any point, including when items are in your basket or going through the payment process. I feel this is a case of using algorithms to assess when lots of items are being bought they increase prices? Expected much more from an ‘ethical company’ 😞",1,2025-12-27 16:41:44+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,E mails to entice you to look,"E mails to entice you to look At the sale .  Items at £14 duly added to basket , go to check out and the price has gone back to £42 .. when questioned was directed to the small print that they are able to change prices at any given time even if in your basket . The algorithm working at its finest I’d say . Very disingenuous sale practice .",1,2025-12-27 16:36:11+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Appalling,Did an online click and collect order 10 December to collect on 18 December money taken from my bank straight away then bounced back in 2days later contacted customer service twice who were no help whatsoever couldn’t tell me wether it was out of stock surely stock is allocated to you when you do click and collect they didn’t have that information this was the first and last time I will use primark click and collect received an email on Christmas Eve your parcel is ready to collect then several emails stating I had 1 day left to collect another you have 3days ???? Never had such a bad experience with any other company with click and collect if I could give less than 1 star I would .,1,2025-12-26 12:11:37+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Amazing service,Amazing service. Didn't feel Like your typical corporation. I had an issue eith my girlfriends order and someone from the team sorted it asap. During Christmas.,5,2025-12-25 20:57:36+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Scammy,This website has turned scammy AF. Clothes arrived in Shein bags!! But no mention of it on the site. Dishonest..,2,2025-12-24 16:52:52+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Had issues with needing to return an…,Had issues with needing to return an item and staff was super helpful and responsive to emails. Got issue resolved quickly. Items that I received were great just needed a different size.,5,2025-12-24 14:51:06+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Excellent chat support,Excellent chat support. Advisor Pearl resolved my refund issue promptly and professionally. Outstanding customer service that ensures I'll return for future assistance.,5,2025-12-24 12:20:56+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,You’ll pay to return. Quality is the WORST,Zero stars. The quality is the poorest ever! I ordered 5 items totalling about $100. The photos doesn’t even come close to the actual items. The fabric is the worst. I MEAN THE WORST. I wouldn’t order from this shop. You’ll end up having to pay for returns. I paid $20+ trying to return the items. Mind you the address they send you to delivery the items isn’t even accurate per UPS. The zip code is all wrong. I’d rather spend $100 on 1 item with great quality than 5 items that’ll go straight to the trash anyway.,1,2025-12-22 23:44:58+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Lucy & Yak were recommended to me by my…,"Lucy & Yak were recommended to me by my daughter. I’ve been very pleased with the items I’ve purchased, returns and queries have been dealt with promptly. I will be ordering again.",5,2025-12-20 16:31:30+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Ella from Lucy and Yak and and honestly…,"Ella from Lucy and Yak and and honestly deserves all the praise for helping me with so quickly with this order, the type of service you usually wait a week for, shout out Ella!",5,2025-12-19 19:57:08+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Prompt resolution to delivery issues,There was an issue with the delivery from Royal Mail. When I contacted Lucy & Yak for help they were extremely prompt in resolving the issue. I was very impressed with their customer service and would happily shop with the again as a result!,5,2025-12-18 13:24:56+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,I am extremely disappointed with…,"I am extremely disappointed with Missguided’s customer service. I want to return my clothes for a refund because the quality is very poor. However, returning them has been made practically impossible Missguided provided me with the following return address: DC-1, Logistyczna 1A, 05-090 Katy Wroclawskie, Ramp 35 The problem is that the postal code does not match the city. I checked this with multiple postal services, and the postal code does not exist for that location. I sent Missguided clear evidence showing that the address and postal code do not match. Despite this, they keep insisting the postal code is correct and simply tell me to “try a different postal provider.” I did, several providers, and none of them recognize this address with that postal code. Instead of correcting the address or offering an alternative solution, customer service keeps ignoring the issue and repeating the same response. At this point, it feels like they are deliberately preventing me from returning the items so they don’t have to issue a refund. Has anyone been able to figure out their postal code? Very poor quality products and even worse customer service. I would not recommend ordering from Missguided if you expect any support with returns or refunds",1,2025-12-17 18:29:56+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Ordered online with click and collect…,Ordered online with click and collect because they didn't have in stock in store. Then I get an email 3 days later telling me sorry item out of stock so we have refunded. Come on Primark it's 2025 get your stock sorted! No excuse for selling online and then not having stock in the warehouse. Very disappointed. Every other company in the world has managed to get live inventory why can't you!,1,2025-12-16 21:40:19+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Lucy&Yack outlet,Staff at the junction 32 castleford outlet are absolutely amazing! They go out of their way to provide great customer service also to add the shop layout is perfect for those in wheelchairs/prams no bumping into one another. Each time I’ve gone they are always so welcoming and if you don’t want want to talk they give you space. The re-yak system is amazing when you want to get something new but don’t know what to do with your old stuff. Definitely recommend going to the outlet each time you go it’s always changing it up!! Even some of the new pieces online can be in shop👀,5,2025-12-14 04:19:38+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Would never have ordered had i realised…,"Would never have ordered had i realised it was coming from China, ordered 28th Nov and today 13th Dec still not here, going abroad tomorrow so unable to take anything I ordered.",1,2025-12-13 21:47:49+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,I'm so glad that I found Lucy&Yak,"I'm so glad that I found Lucy&Yak, I've been looking for new trousers with little luck when a friend said"" try Lucy&Yak"". I didn't find trousers but did find exactly the pinafore dress that I've been looking for for ages and I'll definitely be shopping with them again. It's refreshing to find great quality, well made and uniquely designed clothes.The sizing is true to size and sensible, love the organic cotton and the ethical and sustainable ethos of the company. I've been very impressed with the excellent communication and the speed of dispatch and delivery. As a new customer I wasn't sure which size to buy but it has been so easy to return items and exchange for a different size and they were most helpful when I did email with a problem, replying quickly.It has been a pleasure to shop with them and I'm absolutely delighted with my new clothes. Thank you Lucy&Yak.",5,2025-12-13 18:03:35+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Quality products and service!,"Love this unique brand. Quality products and service! Unfortunately, Royal Mail lost my package, but as soon as I let L&Y know, we agreed to wait for the end of the week to see if it would turn up (unfortunately it didn't), I let them know on Friday AM and by the next day I had my replacement item! Very impressed with Adam's great service and that of the team.",5,2025-12-13 17:29:46+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Historic problem arising sorted quickly and helpfully,"I had some problems with my PayPal account and didn’t recognise this Company. Turns out I had sent an E-voucher to a relative some months ago - birthday present. Showed my daughter the website and she said “That would have been ***** Mum” and she was right. I contacted them, they had sent me full details of the voucher and were amazingly helpful. Plus my relative has now been pleased and used the voucher!",5,2025-12-13 13:24:20+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Super service.,Super service. They reacted very quick by email. Not a robot but a real person. The clothes are super too! Glad with Lucy and Yak.,5,2025-12-13 10:51:03+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Worth every penny,"as always, whenever an issue, they go out of their way to fix it. I am very impressed not only with the clothing, but the customer service that carries on after. Yes you may think the clothing is expensive, but it's well made, lasts forever and is such a worthwile investment on a permanent and hardwearing item.",5,2025-12-12 13:28:10+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Bracknell - rude,Bracknell - rude staff at changing area.  The signs in the shop need to be addressed to indicate if it’s male or female or mixed.,1,2025-12-12 10:58:38+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,"Good, but lacks transparency","Ok, so Missguided is now owned by Shein but of course there is no transparency on the website thus what you are ordering on misguided is actually coming from China.  Honestly I have to say, I love Shein on the whole albeit, you have to check a lot of reviews to ensure what you are buying is decent quality.  I would therefore recommend that anything you choose to purchase from missguided, you search for this on the parent website where not only will you get a cheaper price it will also ensure you get to see reviews about the overall quality of the item.  I am literally only giving 3 stars due to the lack of transparency on the Missguided website about where the items ship from, resulting in bad reviews due to long shipping times and some items being lower quality than that advertised with no reviews to show the item from other buyer perspectives.  Do your homework when purchasing and trust me, you will find some quality items but be aware the wait can be longer than expected.",3,2025-12-12 03:29:49+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Do NOT use,"Bought a dress for £38. When it arrived it was a cheap Shein dress. Tried to refund and they dont accept returns. Disgusting, stole my money",1,2025-12-11 20:25:41+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,"Gorgeous clothing, great team!","The team behind Lucy & Yak are fantastic! One of my parcels was lost in the postal system, and they refunded me as soon as I contacted them, and then sent me a lovely email. I’ve been wearing their clothes ever since a friend introduced me to them. Excellent quality and lovely designs! Totally taken over my wardrobe (s)..🤣",5,2025-12-10 15:15:09+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Terrible Returns,"The ordering wasn’t a problem, when the item came I didn’t like it as it was poor quality for the price and let me just say the returns process is abysmal. Never have I gone through the returns process and have had to go to a carriers website to generate the returns label myself and on top of that it costing more than a regular return from anywhere else. They should just get rid of their website all together and stick to selling on she in or sports direct. CRAP!",2,2025-12-10 15:02:15+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Awful return process,Awful return process. Avoid! You have to pay for and sort out your own return. There are no return labels. And they take almost a month to give you your money back! Avoid!!!,1,2025-12-09 23:08:46+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Always excellent quality clothes that…,"Always excellent quality clothes that last and keep their colour. Eco-friendly packaging, great eco credentials too. Staff always friendly and responsive to online contact and staff in store incredibly helpful too.",5,2025-12-08 18:06:50+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Quick response to my query,"Quick response to my query, thank you",5,2025-12-07 01:28:46+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,No complaints so far,"First time ordering from missguided and received the items today.  I wasn't aware it was from China as the date I needed the items for have sadly passed, however I love everything ive received. Great quality and fit, im reading so many bad reviews but I honest cant complain (so far). I've gave 4 stars opposed to 5 as I do need to return 3 items that are simply too big, hoping that goes smoothly, I paid using klarna so the payment will just get blocked if there are any issues! Im holding out in hope all is OK though but based on experience so far I would definitely order again",4,2025-12-06 16:09:00+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,AVOID YOU WILL NOT GET YOUR REFUND,"Received an item that took weeks to arrive, sizing way off, wouldn't fit a doll! Accepted my return and I even have an email from them acknowledging receipt of the item and confirming my refund has been issued. We are now 3 weeks of emails back and forward and I STILL HAVE NO REFUND! Paypal strangely closed the claim in their favour as they confirmed they had refunded me, even although PayPal can clearly see they have not. This company have basically STOLEN from me and as they are based in China, its a waste of time continuing to email. I have lodged a chargeback on my card. DO NOT BUY FROM MISGUIDED AVOID AVOID AVOID",1,2025-12-06 09:36:58+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,AVOID THIS COMPANY!!,"AVOID THIS COMPANY!!! I returned 5 items to the value of £134 in Nov 4th, in the given time scale. I have proof they received the items at the address they told me to send them to. The address was in Walsall and I was travelling back home via Walsall around the same time, I decided to hand deliver the return to them. The warehouse is on an industrial estate that is  mainly for Shein. It’s full of Chinese and Asian workers who couldn’t speak very good English. When I was eventually able to speak to someone I was told they only accept items through the post which meant I had to pay £20 to return the items via Royal Mail. Which I did. I paid for items using the Klarna app. And after a month I still haven’t received a refund. I will be contacting Klarna to tell them Missguided are in breach of consumer rights as they should issue a refund within 14 days of receiving a return and they should not be offering a financial partnership with them any longer!!",1,2025-12-05 23:28:28+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,I love Lucy and Yak—I enjoy the fun and…,I love Lucy and Yak—I enjoy the fun and quirky prints.  Their customer service is unparalleled —I will be a customer for life.,5,2025-12-05 20:28:58+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Disgusting,"Would be a Zero if there was an option !!!! Their return policy gives you 3 options to return … Ups .. DHL … & Evri … they give a name & address to return to , at your own cost !! Evri need a QR code .. UPS & DHL need an e. Mail address & tel no for the receiver…  at Miss Guided !!! They will not give me this !!! as it’s a unit no !!!!! This is not the Miss Guided that was .. it’s gotta be someone selling off bits of Miss Guided stock .. I have asked to return by Royal Mail , who doesn’t need the receivers name or e. Mail address but it is not an option … Most peeps would give up & just keep it , however I’m not !!!!!!",1,2025-12-04 15:24:54+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Having not received the 10% when I…,"Having not received the 10% when I ordered from my newly downloaded app … very quickly they helped by sending me a 10% refund … lovely, efficient customer service !!",5,2025-12-03 21:32:17+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Nice online shop with many sizes,"Nice online shop with many sizes, excellent customer support, helped me out a lot. 10/10",5,2025-12-02 14:23:08+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Customer service is awful,"Customer service is awful. Ive ordered a click and collect which was due to collect yesterday, however I had the dispatched to the plymouth store email but nothing to say its ready to collect. Ive emailed.. nothing, online chat...doesnt connect to a human, plymouth store... doesnt answer the phone. Ive recently had surgery and dont want to go all the way into the city centre for it not to be ready but also dont want to miss my window for collection considering the amount of reviews that have had problems with no collection notification until they've decided to send it back. GB4238059585",1,2025-12-01 13:20:58+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,terrible company,"terrible company, no customer service response what so ever, no contact number which answers, trying to return an item is awful, they don’t even give qr codes to send off when filling out the return label! SCAM AND AVOID",1,2025-11-27 15:00:58+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,We bought daughter a top for birthday…,We bought daughter a top for birthday but it was a size too small. Unfortunately we could not find receipt but had payment on banking app. Labels still on jumper but Bournemouth Primark store refused to change for next size up jumper. Poor daughter upset as had really wanted top for her birthday.,1,2025-11-25 16:50:16+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Avoid avoid avoid,"Like so many other reviews, I had no idea MISSGUIDED was now owned by Shein. No indication that everything is shipped from China, and the est delivery window is absolute nonsense. Items arrived late, poor quality, awful customer service and I since found the exact same item from MISSGUIDED themselves on Shein at half the price!!",1,2025-11-23 13:10:37+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Very professional,"Very professional, super quick. Exceptional customer service.",5,2025-11-21 16:49:26+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Horrendous experience,"Horrendous experience Spent about £100 on an order and had to return all items except one due to poor sizing/quality! Have been chasing this up and they keep referring to a refund from a previous order in August, even after I sent evidence of the item being signed their end on collection over 2 weeks ago! All of the information I provided clearly states this order was made on October and returned within the timescales! This is very upsetting and frustrating especially when I have photographic proof they have received the parcel which I also had to incur the costs of returning!!! I feel like I am speaking another language! I have been emailing back and forth for a week now this is terrible!!",1,2025-11-21 13:29:04+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Worst customers services & returns…,Worst customers services & returns procedure ever. Will never order from them again. Better service with Temu!,1,2025-11-20 10:04:59+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Received a dress that was too small,"Received a dress that was too small, after email upon emails and being asked to measure the dress... What is that all about. Have no idea how to return as no instructions. I went through the customer service.. absolutely impossible to send this back. Been trying a few weeks to do this. Never again would I buy from this company. Stay well clear",1,2025-11-19 21:42:00+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Royal mail lost my parcel by putting it…,"Royal mail lost my parcel by putting it in my bin which got cleared away! Lucy and yak replaced the item with no fuss, really good to deal with.",5,2025-11-17 19:03:08+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Excellent customer service,"In my experience Lucy and Yak are an excellent company selling high quality clothes with very responsive customer service, so I was surprised to see that they are getting some negative reviews. Reading the recent ones though, most of them seem to be related to a scam website posting to be Lucy and Yak - avoid by going directly for their website rather than clicking links and check carefully before buying.",5,2025-11-15 09:28:05+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Natalie was great,"Natalie was great, the issue was resolved in one email.",5,2025-11-14 21:42:31+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Very quick to help me,Very quick to help me. Thanks,5,2025-11-14 19:09:11+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,I am trying to return some items back…,"I am trying to return some items back to Missguided UK, and they have made this difficult to implement. I was online , within the return window of a week and a few days. There is a ridiculous contact form that will not allow me to enter my order number manually. This is prevented by a drop-down option that displays my order, but it will not let me select the order to complete the return process. I do not want to be stuck with this order or now end up passing the return date because of their rigged system - what should I do ?",1,2025-11-14 16:14:08+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Excellent customer service!,"I didn’t end up purchasing anything, but I had an excellent experience with customer service! I bought a jacket which was too big, I exchanged it for a smaller size but since it was still too big I ultimately asked for a refund. The customer service agent, Hannah, who I contacted via email, was super helpful! Everything from ordering to the return process to the refund, was super smooth!",5,2025-11-14 13:19:12+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Amazing customer service,"You dont normally see people talk about customer service unless its a negative and I feel when companies do it right it should be talked about just as much. I'd placed an order and a few days later a new promo had launched, I contacted the email and quoted my order reference and they'd refunded me back the discount all within hours which is outstanding on something they didn't need to honour. Will certainly be back",5,2025-11-13 15:51:58+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,On the 21st of October I returned two…,On the 21st of October I returned two dresses as they were not suitable. I requested a refund I have also sent email upon email to be constantly fobbed off being advised they are looking into this. I have emailed proof of return postage. Still no refund issued avoid this company at all costa I am now taking this further,1,2025-11-12 18:26:06+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,If I could give this company zero…,"If I could give this company zero stars, I would! Missguided, represents the old stereotypical views of buying from China. Cheap rubbish with even worse customer service! I ordered from this rubbish company, and returned their cheap clothes. I had to pay £13.99 for tracked return. They received the goods in September! It's now November and I am still awaiting a refund! They lie every time you email to ask for an update. At this point they have just stolen my money. In the UK all the trading standards and governing bodies are beyond useless! So you don't get your money back, and theiving companies like Missguided continue to rob innocent customers with impunity Save your money don't buy from this terrible cheap company!",1,2025-11-12 16:43:34+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,DISGRACEFUL AND DISGUSTING!!,"DISGRACEFUL AND DISGUSTING!! I placed my order and literally one minute later, not a second more, I messaged them to cancel it. The next day they emailed me asking “why do you want to cancel” I HAVE NEVER SEEN THIS IN MY LIFE! Why would they ask why, as a consumer you have the right to cancel especially when it’s a minute after placing order, it was not dispatched, nothing! When i replied to that email i said I am not obligated to tell you as long as I’m within my rights! The next day they shipped it out and emailed me saying “oh sorry it was already dispatched” Can you believe how disgusting they are?? Word of advice, never buy from them! They’re 100% trained scammers!",1,2025-11-09 10:03:59+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,"Cheap, tacky rubbish","They are essentially just dropshipping cheap, tacky garbage from China for a 400% markup, ordered 2 items and they didn't appear to be the right shape for a human being in the slightest The returns process is very awkward, no prepaid labels and simple drop-offs like most other companies, instead they gave you an address and you have to sort it all out by yourself. Awful, awful, awful - avoid!",1,2025-11-08 16:49:45+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Hannah,"Hannah, dealt with my delicate matter with compassion and sorted out the mess I made.  Very grateful for everything she did.",5,2025-11-07 18:41:18+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Top notch customer service,Top notch customer service - fast response - and lovely helpful staff,5,2025-11-07 12:33:40+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,New Misguided from Shien - SCAMMERS,"I bought a dress that doesn’t fit, when registering my refund they gave me £15.56 when the item cost me £18.75. I have emailed them asking why and their response has nothing to do with my question. The return process is not easy- no QR code, have to pay for delivery and upload evidence and tracking info. Reading these reviews doesn’t look like I’m going to get my money back!! DO NOT BUY COMPLETE SCAM!!!!",1,2025-11-06 20:25:07+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Recommended,... fair und fancy products. Friendly and fast customer service. Ordered from Germany,5,2025-11-04 11:43:04+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Ordered 2 items they are way too big,Ordered 2 items they are way too big. I sent a request to return them And they want me to send photos of the wash tag with a tape measure showing how big it is! Absolutely ridiculous I just want to return something. No company has ever asked me for this just to return an item! It’s took 10 days to get to me and the tracking information wasn’t even available! Don’t order from here it’s a shambles,1,2025-11-04 04:15:25+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Don’t bother,Didn’t realise they’d been bought by shein but have actually had better service from shein! Item is far too big and not as described. Had to request a return as that info isn’t freely available. Asked me to send pictures alongside a tape measure? The dress is too big FOR ME! Advised they have to allow a return under consumer rights act but heard nothing back.,1,2025-11-02 01:58:21+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Superb customer care,"Bought a fleece which I thought was fine so removed the tags, however when I tried it with different clothing realised it was too big. I contacted customer service to see what I could do and they were super helpful and really quick at responding. Really impressed by their customer care.",5,2025-11-02 00:14:51+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Super helpful with everything!,Super helpful with everything!,5,2025-10-31 18:30:50+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Terrible customer service,I was unaware the company had been taken over by Shein. The product quality has dropped and Im finding it extremely difficult to return a couple of my items. I have been asked to take pictures of the labels with a measuring tape...... absolutely ludicrous. Never experienced such a polava to return items. Even the Shein website is easier to return Shein items! If I knew I had to go through such a headache to rrturn items I would have never ordered them. I was a Misguided customer but will not be ordering from them again.,1,2025-10-31 09:32:23+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Stole my money,Accepted my returns but didn't refund my money. Do not buy. Avoid,1,2025-10-27 15:13:56+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Can you review any lower than 1!!!,Can you review any lower than 1!!!! i bought a spider-man hat for my son in cork!! tried to exchange it in the Corrib Centre in Galway today !!! wow to say the staff were awful was an understatement!! too bothered with a charity cycle to help ANYONE!!! two staff hiding behind rails laughing and joking about antibiotics !! The manager would not swap a child's hat for me !! Loads in stock !! loads and i was past 1 day to return it! i spent 200 Euros in pennys !! but the manager today was so rude and so awful !! Came home with 2 hats    !! Worst Pennys ever !! avoid !! Dear Primark your target market is now teens !! Do you realise parents fund the teens !!!! avoid this store,1,2025-10-25 23:27:04+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Disgusting!,"Firstly, the website barley works and I wasn’t aware they had been taken over by Shein, none of the products matched the description/images, were all awful and horrid material and the refund process is a joke! It is disgusting I have to pay out of my own pocket to send clothes back made from underpaid staff! Never buy from here.",1,2025-10-23 18:53:43+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,I can’t rate Lucy & Yak highly enough,"I can’t rate Lucy & Yak highly enough. I’ve been shopping with them for years, their clothes are unique, really colourful and comfortable, also sustainable. Their customer service is outstanding, Ella and the team recently went above and beyond to sort out an issue with an order which was actually my fault as I had put in the wrong email address. They  were so lovely and helpful, sorted it out promptly. 😊",5,2025-10-23 18:31:03+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Love all my L&Y clothes,Love all my L&Y clothes. I bought a jacket for my wife for her birthday which sadly went missing at the fault of royal mail and they kindly refunded me and gave me a discount to buy another jacket. Thank you so much. X,5,2025-10-22 19:10:05+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Clothes are badly made,"These clothes are not true to the website pictures, bad quality and fitting, they won't even give free returns. Never will I buy from them again.",1,2025-10-20 11:33:57+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,No refunds available even though it is expensive to send back,Terrible service. You cannot get a refund and have to send clothes back to an address in Poland. No use as you pay a lot and they never return any of your emails. Quality fo clothes also low.,1,2025-10-19 14:56:58+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,"Excellent customer service and beautiful, colourful clothes",There was a glitch with my delivery address and my parcel was returned to L&Y. After I contacted customer service Ella sorted it all out very quickly and I've received my order the next day. The service I received was well above and beyond. A very nice company to deal with in addition to the lovely clothes they sell.,5,2025-10-17 16:29:15+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,I returned items worth £87.50 and have…,I returned items worth £87.50 and have not had a refund. Can’t get my money back through PayPal and am being ignored by customer services.,1,2025-10-17 13:29:32+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,"Awesome clothes, awesome people",Deeply grateful for the fast and impeccable help from Lisa and the Lucy and Yak team! Their clothes and accessories are awesome and so are they!,5,2025-10-17 13:08:21+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Great customer service,"I ordered another pair of Lucy and yak dungarees, my third pair as I love them so much. Unfortunately they were a bit big, so I decided to return them to my local shop in Bristol. Lily who served me was a absolute little star, really helpful and friendly, I would like to say a very big thank you to her I did land up with an exchange which are a good fit and also brought myself another pair 🤭",5,2025-10-16 22:11:36+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,I cannot fault this company for…,"I cannot fault this company for excellent customer service. Every time I enter one of their stores, I am greeted by a friendly staff. Unfortunately, my jeans ripped after less than 1 year of owning them. I contacted the team to ask for guidance - I know patching up Yaks is the next best step. They kindly gave me a voucher to purchase new jeans and suggested I either patch up my existing jeans, or return them to the shop to be Re-Yaked!",5,2025-10-15 17:16:30+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,If I could give 0 stars I would,"If I could give 0 stars I would.  This company are the worst company I have ever dealt with.  The item I received was faulty, I reported this, they asked for photos of the fault that I sent them, they then asked for phots of the label, that I sent them.  They then asked for photos of the full item, that I sent them.  I kept asking them for a label to send back but even though the item is faulty I have to pay for the label.  I will never deal with this company again.",1,2025-10-14 12:32:16+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,If I could give zero stars I would.,"If I could give zero stars I would. I've been battling since August for a refund. I didnt know misguided was took over by shein, id never have ordered otherwise as their clothes are terrible. They lied and lied saying they'd tried refunding but my bank wouldn't accept until I said I was involving the ombudsman. Low and behold got my refund but for less than I paid. Joke of a company that i will never shop from again.  Their attitudes are as crap as their clothes",1,2025-10-11 18:11:50+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Their returns process is terrible,Their returns process is terrible. I put in my details to return but no returns note or address was sent to my email. Avoid shopping online with this company.,1,2025-10-10 14:04:34+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Lucy and Yak is one of my favorite…,"Lucy and Yak is one of my favorite brands! Their clothes aren’t just fun and good quality, but the team is consistently kind and accommodating! No hesitations purchasing from such a well-rounded brand, and they always keep me coming back!",5,2025-10-08 16:06:51+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Had a faulty item,"Had a faulty item, the team resolved it and gave me several options on how I wanted to proceed with it. Honestly the best customer service and support I could have received!!!",5,2025-10-08 14:50:35+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Avoid at all costs,Avoid at all costs - they are not providing me with an returns note or dress to return items for a refund,1,2025-10-06 16:04:13+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,very cheap but suitable clothes for all…,very cheap but suitable clothes for all stuff the environment wasn’t the best tho,4,2025-10-06 11:56:27+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Really hard to contact and then expect…,Really hard to contact and then expect you to pay for return. Won't be shopping with them anymore,1,2025-10-05 22:41:07+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Please avoid!!!,Please avoid!!!! Terrible customer service service! terrible communication Terrible costly returns process Still waiting for £ to be refunded after a long period of time SHEIN clothes. Not the usual misguided Never using them again,1,2025-10-05 08:35:53+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,This isn’t like the old misguided - It’s SHEIN,"This isn’t like the old misguided. Which was similar to PLT etc. This is SHEIN clothing. Low quality. Nothing fit well, and the returns process is insane. I had to send images of all the clothes I needed to return. (They were made with such low quality). The returns process was accepted. They give you a return address and YOU have to organise and return it yourself!! My return was delivered the day after and I do not have my refund. They have said ‘once the warehouse receives it’ they will confirm if it’s eligible for a refund!? It has been delivered and I’ve already had acceptance of the refund.  Please don’t bother to order from MISSGUIDED. It’s NOT like the original, and don’t forget it’s all from SHEIN.",1,2025-10-03 12:03:48+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Ordered 4 items which took weeks to…,"Ordered 4 items which took weeks to arrive. Which I now realise is because items now come from Shein/China after doing some research. Quality is terrible, cheap and one of the dresses I had ordered came stitched the wrong way. When I finally got hold of someone I was told to make my own returns label that cost me £7.60! Also was told to return to a random warehouse. Awful. Avoid.",1,2025-10-02 19:07:11+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,They don’t allow you to return!,In the returns policy they say drop them an email to return but they do not respond. I tried social media too and they ignored it all! You should have the right to return something you’ve bought online,1,2025-10-02 16:53:55+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Amazing,"Amazing! Emily was super helpful and prompt with help on my need to action a return, thanks Emily!",5,2025-10-01 18:33:11+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Nearly £7 to return 2 items and they…,"Nearly £7 to return 2 items and they can't even give you a label so had to find a printer as I was sent the address by email!!!  absolute joke, contact options are shocking, returns portal doesnt recognise your order. No issues accepting the sale though. Will never order from them again they need to stay in liquidation absolute s*** show",1,2025-10-01 16:40:30+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,"Cheap, tacky, clothing","I use to love misguided and then a new owner took over it. Off course had to be the same one as shein. Misguided has gone right down hill. Crap and cheap material like shein. Wrong sizes and smaller than original sizes would have been or make you look extra swamped instead - since the new owner took over misguided needs to just give in. You’re cheap, tacky and distorted. I use to love shopping with misguided and now I’ll never buy from the brand again. Oh and also if you buy from shein you get free returns but if you buy from the site you have to pay to send items back and before a return you have to contact them specifically for them to give you an address. The company is whack and unprofessional and I’m surprised it’s still in business considering the amount of reviews to their brand. Not worth the money anymore. Just cheap, tacky, fast fashion. I wish the previous owner hadn’t of gone bust they was great for their customers. Trust me don’t buy from here it’s not worth it.",1,2025-09-28 15:26:50+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,I wouldn’t even give this 1 star…,I wouldn’t even give this 1 star their customer service is shocking! My items were sent back on the 12th July and i still have not been refunded. Numerous emails and proof of return sent multiple times but no one ever gets back to you it’s just basically a generic email that says they will be in touch. I will never use this site again and will now go through my bank to hopefully claw the money back that they owe me.,1,2025-09-28 09:48:39+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Absolutely love Lucy and Yak dungarees.,Absolutely love Lucy and Yak dungarees. So comfy to wear and I always get compliments.,5,2025-09-26 15:07:11+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,London,"I bought my dungarees at the sale in London this year. I went with my daughter who is a total convert. Now, at the age of 72, I  have had breast cancer for the second time in 22 years. Post mastectomy and reconstruction, as I am healing, I  have found the  dungarees to be a blessing. They are both comfortable and easy to remove and put on. Go Lucy and Yak. I have a soap box...... Over 70s don't  neglect mamagrams! One third of people who get diagnosed with breast cancer are over 70. Nag friends and relatives. Being a woman is not easy, but we are not HELPLESS. Madelaine",5,2025-09-24 14:30:58+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,I have shopped with Lucy and yak for a…,I have shopped with Lucy and yak for a couple of years or so now. In store and online. Always had a great experience. Most recently I had an issue with a pair of jeans that have developed a tear after a few wears. I emailed customer service with an image and the whole situation was dealt within a couple of emails. Fantastic customer service and care as always 🫶,5,2025-09-23 21:39:27+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Do not use this company!,"Missguided is now Shein.  The clothes are really bad quality, mis-sized, take so long to arrive and returns are shocking!  I sent my items back 2 weeks ago, followed up today regarding my refund and they asked from proof of return. I've sent it and now have to wait on them confirming they've received it. Which they did, 2 days after I sent it, as I've checked the proof of delivery! Avoid!",1,2025-09-23 10:07:36+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Horrendous!!!,Horrendous since it’s been taken over by SHEIN. Terrible quality items. You have to pay tracking to return and they still haven’t given me my refund which was promised a few months ago. I have now taken this up with my bank to get my money back. Absolute scam!,1,2025-09-22 22:23:05+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Terrible experience,"Terrible experience. The item I bought was a play suit which was actually from SHEIN and not miss guided which wasn’t clear when I purchased. It arrived faulty, sent back at my own cost and they wouldn’t refunded the original delivery cost even though the 2015 consumer rights say that you should not pay delivery costs for faulty item. Still waiting for a refund even after many many emails. Will never purchase poor quality items online from here again",1,2025-09-21 09:06:10+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,No refund!!!!,As people have said items are now from SHEIN so you’re paying extra through misguided when you can find the same items on the SHEIN website! I had to pay for the return and used Evri so I had tracking evidence that the item had been delivered to the return address but I’ve never received my refund of £34. I paid through PayPal but they closed my dispute and didn’t do anything! DO NOT order from this site,1,2025-09-20 11:44:32+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,I ordered from misguided 3 dresses the…,I ordered from misguided 3 dresses the quality is mediocre and a tad too tight so I wanted to return the items. No options for returning goods as other customers have experienced. As items are only a tad too tight I will hopefully slim into them and plan on losing weight anyway. After reading other reviews I'd prefer to keep the items and not risk being ripped off further by covering the cost of the return and never getting any refund Lesson learned Misguided are a con company I've literally had much better service from Shein and Temu who actually provide efficient refund system. I feel very Misguided and they deserve No rating at all! Be aware and stay away from purchasing from  this dreadful company.,1,2025-09-19 12:53:49+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Mr gill,"I had the most amazing experience, the security guard in Kingston primark. He helped me with my bags whilst I shopped, he showed me where everything was. Super friendly and welcoming, and helped me out so much bless his soul kindest person iv ever met. He deserves a pay rise. Mr Gill best security guard in Kingston iv ever met",5,2025-09-18 20:45:57+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Didn’t want to give 1 star,Didn’t want to give 1 star! Absolutely shocking service! I’ve been trying to contact them for months to send returns back but it’s impossible!! Do not shop at Missguided!,1,2025-09-18 20:11:20+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Scam company,Not delivered. Tracking link doesn't work. Scam company. I'm 25 quid out of pocket and no customer service to answer to,1,2025-09-18 19:40:24+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Bad experience,"I bought from Missguided for the first time recently. Ordered a cream jacket I had seen all over social media. Ordered a size 10 as 8 and 6 were out of stock. It arrived and it was awful.....way too thin to be advertised as a jacket,poor quality and too big for me. I returned the jacket asap...no pre-paid label and cost me £3.60 to return. Unfortunately I had also ordered the same jacket in a 6 and 8 BEFORE I received the size 10. So when 6 and 8 arrived I didnt even open I just returned asap at a cost to me of £4.20. I am now £ 7.80 out of pocket but hey ho! I didnt received my refunds so had to chase this up my end by showing proof of returns. Finally got both my refunds today....full amount for size 6 and 8 jackets but the size 10 jacket was £3 less what I paid. When I queried this I was told it was non refundable shipping costs!!!!! So I am over £10 out of pocket! Communication was very poor. I will definately NOT be buying from Missguided again. So please beware....only buy if you are 100% you are going to like the item and you are 100% its going to fit you...otherwise be prepared to lose money!",1,2025-09-18 10:55:13+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,DO NOT USE!!,"DO NOT USE!!! Ordered a dress from them 2 weeks ago, told me 5-8 days. Never got any parcel and still haven’t. Tried to send an email and it’s not letting the email go through to them. Tried to ring the phone number google is giving and it doesn’t work! Took my money and got NOTHING. AVOID AT ALL COSTS!!!!!!",1,2025-09-17 22:46:43+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Great,"Fast, polite and useful response",5,2025-09-17 10:23:09+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Overall happy!,"I had to write a review after seeing all the terrible ones on here! I had ordered from Missguided before and ordered this time without looking at reviews or knowing that they had been taken over by shein. The order took about about 10 days to arrive. I bought dress options for a wedding. The quality was good for the price I paid. I needed to return 3 out of the 4 dresses. This is when I realised that it was no longer as straightforward to return. Having then seen all these reviews my heart sank and pretty much thought I could kiss goodbye to the £80. You have to register a return first by contacting customer services. My first email was unanswered but they came back quickly to my second email. They ask what you want to return and then give you an address to send it to. You have to pay to return the items, for 3 fairly heavy dresses it was £4.75 via Royal Mail tracked. You then have to email them with the tracking number. They responded to these emails within 24 hours and a refund was processed very quickly (within a couple of days). So overall I have to say even though it’s a bit more of a faff, I am happy with everything.  Maybe I was one of the lucky ones but I thought it was only fair I share my positive experience!",4,2025-09-17 10:17:08+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Waste of time and money!!,Waste of time and money!!! Returned an item over 2 weeks ago and still no refund. They keep telling me to wait 10-14 days,1,2025-09-15 19:41:27+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Avoid!!,"Ordered some trousers, quality is poor given the cost, feels similar to SHEIN quality at inflated costs. Took an age to arrive, I queried customer services and my order number didn’t exist in their system. When I tried to generate a return, same problem. System didn’t recognise my order, after contacting them again after being initially ignored, returns are at my own cost. I wouldn’t go back. Avoid like the plague!",1,2025-09-15 00:31:33+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY,"DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY. I purchased a dressing gown from Missguided which arrived defective. When I contacted customer service, they refused to provide a refund despite the item being faulty. This is completely unacceptable and not in line with consumer rights. I would strongly advise others not to shop with Missguided, as they do not take responsibility for selling defective products and fail to resolve genuine customer complaints.",1,2025-09-14 09:02:41+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Dont believe every review you read!,"To be honest, I'm one of those who rarely leave a review if its good - but this time I will. I made an order of some outfits for my holiday because I kept seeing adverts on Facebook and loved the look of some of the items but was wary now its on Shein regarding sizing etc. After ordering I read the reviews on here which made me worry that my items would be crap sizing and material, which made me panic buy on other websites. My items came and can honestly say the sizing and material are totally fine. Infact I cant wait to get on holiday now and wear them! Dont believe everything you read, sometimes people only review if its bad! I shall be ordering again in the future :-)",5,2025-09-13 17:30:44+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Absolute sh*t company,Absolute sh*t company. Returned an order in July with proof of postage and they have still not issued a refund!! Do NOT waste your time or money with this company they are a shambles.,1,2025-09-12 09:16:56+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,The quality is shit,"The quality is shit, and customers service is awful. They tried to scam your money. I had to wait for over a month to get my refund back, they did not wanted to refund you until I keep sending them emails and spam it. I had to fight for it and Finally I get my refund after a month. DO NOT ORDER FROM THEM. THIS COMPANY IS SHIT. SCAM..!!!",1,2025-09-11 21:17:57+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,absolutely shocking after care,absolutely shocking after care.  Taken money from my paypal and no evidence of my order on my account.  Tried to contact via contact us and wont let me as i the order number not on my account.  Sent messages and no response.  I have been chasing my money that you Miss guided has taken.,1,2025-09-11 11:23:00+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,This feels like a scam,"This feels like a scam. Made the mistake of ordering because I saw an ad on Instagram and the clothes looked nice. They took nearly 4 weeks to arrive from China and they were cheap and nasty. Paid to send them back, missguided don't provide any return label, you have to email them to get a return address and it gets sent back to some rogue address. After emailing them for a month and being ignored, I was advised they hadn't received the return (convenient) and I've had to pay full price for the cheap order that I don't have. Don't fall for it.",1,2025-09-10 23:08:20+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,BEWARE THE COMPANY WAS SOLD BY MIKE…,"BEWARE THE COMPANY WAS SOLD BY MIKE ASHLEY TO CHINESE COMPANY SHEIN. THE PRODUCTS ARE DISPATCHED FROM CHINA. THE SIZES ARE SMALL (NOT TRUE TO FIT) AND AS FOR RETURNS. GOOD LUCK! YOU HAVE TO RAISE A TICKET. WHEN THEY FINALLY GET BACK TO YOU, YOU HAVE TO SEND THE PARCEL TO SOME RANDOM UK ADDRESS AND PAY FOR THE RETURN YOURSELF. THEN YOU MUST SEND PROOF OF POSTAGE AND CHASE FOR REFUND AFTERWARDS. IF THATS NOT BAD ENOUGH, THEY WILL ALSO DEDUCT THE POSTAGE CHARGE FROM REFUND FOR SENDING THE PARCEL IN THE FIRST INSTANCE. THE PURCHASE OF THIS COMPANY IS CLEARY AN AQUISTION TO REMOVE COMEPTION FROM UK MARKET. SUCH A SHAME AS THIS USED TO BE SUCH A GOOD COMPANY. AVOID AT ALL COSTS!!",1,2025-09-10 10:16:33+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Absolutely dreadful,"Absolutely dreadful, this clothing is to expensive for the quality, and trying to return for a refund is a nightmare, I was good before the takeover",1,2025-09-09 16:33:53+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Awful. Will not use again.,"I placed an order after seeing adds online and social media and was used to know missguided as its own brand, similarly to brands like InTheStyle and PLT. I did not realise that Shein had taken over missguided, which wouldn’t usually worry me until I’ve received my parcel today. I’ve never had an issue when placing an order with Shein or accessing customer service, however I’m unsure how to get through to anyone with missguided. I placed an order consisting of 21 items however only 11 items arrived. They arrived today via evri. The package arrived and appeared to be fine and sealed. The bag was black. I then opened the bag to find another bag inside, with Shein written over it and some of the contents of my parcel inside. I then opened the package and realised the contents was a lot less than expected. I looked on the label which said approx 6.8 kg weight. I then weighed the parcel it was 3kg total meaning nearly 4.8 kg is missing. I am not happy about this. I have contacted missguided and yet to hear anything. I am unable to get through to anyone at evri. I would not recommend at all and I’m now worried where the rest of the contents of my parcel is.",1,2025-09-08 20:36:42+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Avoid at all costs,"Avoid at all costs! Didn’t realise they had been taken over by Shein or wouldn’t have ordered. Came around 3 weeks after order in a shein bag. Poor quality so returned the other. Absolute farce to return. There isn’t a website facility for this so you have to email, wait for a reply (mine took a week) then return at your own cost through Royal Mail. No refund after a month so I emailed and was asked to provide proof of return. I had misplaced this but refund eventually processed after a lot of back and forth and a screenshot of my Royal Mail transaction through my bank. Joke of a company. AVOID!!",1,2025-09-06 21:35:18+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Awful please AVOID…I thought it was the…,Awful please AVOID…I thought it was the missguided I had previously ordered from. Didn’t know it had been taken over by Shein but after taking ages to arrive I now can’t return items. There is no option to return items on the website and customer services have now started replying by saying they are experiencing large volumes of emails and will reply after 72hours. They basically haven’t sent a return label and from the reviews even if returned I probably wouldn’t get a refund. Wish I read the reviews before ordering. Terrible company. Ps the clothes were cheap and horrible also!,1,2025-09-06 20:38:12+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,I would give 0 stars if possible,I would give 0 stars if possible. Avoid ordering from misguided - SCAM - you will not receive your money back even when you have paid for the return label and returned the items as expected.,1,2025-09-06 18:18:15+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Wont refund the three poor quality…,"Wont refund the three poor quality items I returned, just keep emailing back with how busy they are and for me to try again in a few days. This company is now owned by sheIn and is awful",1,2025-09-06 13:33:52+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Speedy Response on ZEBRA PRINT!!,"I was hoping the response would be SURE we can grab a pair of those pink ZEBRA PRINT dungarees from 8 years ago and sell them to you. The person did give me some hope, though. She said, ""you never know^.!",5,2025-09-05 20:09:30+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,AVOID DO NOT ORDER,AVOID DO NOT ORDER Ordered £70 worth of clothes. Returned them at my own expense as they were terrible quality and fits. 20 days after the return was signed for by them I’ve still not had a refund and they just keep fobbing me off.,1,2025-09-05 10:16:04+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Great Brand,Great Brand. Stylish and really well made clothes and superb customer service.,5,2025-09-04 10:25:38+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Excellent customer service,"Excellent customer service. Love this brand, clothes and ethics.",5,2025-09-04 09:18:25+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,They literally took both my money and…,"They literally took both my money and my clothes. Mid summer, I bought a bundle of clothes. After deciding which ones I wanted to keep and which I wanted to return, I found out that the returns process was unnecessarily complicated. I had to chase them for five days just to get a return label. Once I finally sent the parcel back - confirmed with full tracking details - they stopped responding completely. It’s now been 53 days without a refund and over a month since they last replied to any of my emails. I’m out more than £200, with no clothes to show for it since I returned them. This is nothing short of a SCAM and an absolute DISGRACE.",1,2025-09-03 17:57:05+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Don’t waste your time,"Don’t waste your time, it’s not the old Missguided, it’s now Shein and the quality certainly reflects that. Returns aren’t free and cost me 7 quid to send back two tops. A joke.",2,2025-09-02 11:22:57+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,BUYER BEWARE !,"Cheap looking,  bad quality clothing. No possibility of a return / refund. Company now run by scammers.",1,2025-09-02 04:52:07+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,"Support Service, Size recommendations","The support service of the Company were extremely kind and helpful! I wanted to change my size last minute because I picked the wrong one and they did that no problem:) Even after I had an additional question they remained very patient! The size change actually worked and today I’ve finally received my dungarees🥰 they are really beautiful and good quality, if you are a bit unsure about the sizes I would recommend the bigger one tho🫶🏻",5,2025-09-01 18:31:34+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Stress and hassle.,"The order took ages to arrive.  I sent back all the items (either weird or bad material) within 2 days.  I then had to chase for about 1 month to get the refund, prove that I had returned it and waited another 2 weeks for the money. Basically spent $101 dollars, was out of pocket for around 2 months, got stressed, did some hard work, got my refund.  Would NEVER use again and strongly recommend no one else uses them either.  Go directly to Shein, much better service.",1,2025-09-01 11:44:07+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Very bad experience.first of all they…,Very bad experience.first of all they sell their products without price tag and when u go to return them for xyz reason they refuse to return the item as their was no tag in that.if it’s their policy not to return without tag then why they sell products without price tags.So be aware when buying products.,1,2025-08-31 14:27:33+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Just lovely!,Cassie was incredibly helpful and didn’t make any of my questions sound silly or unimportant! Thank you :),5,2025-08-30 15:58:04+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,The absolute worst customer service…,The absolute worst customer service ever! If you buy from them you have to pay for the return if the items don’t fit which costs a fortune. Then communication is a nightmare. The way they process orders and returns is terrible. Takes forever to resolve the situation correctly. Just backwards and not worth the effort.,1,2025-08-30 13:18:03+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Disgraceful!,Disgraceful!! Please don’t purchase from this site! I ordered an item which arrived… unfortunately didn’t like it. Trying to return an item 4 weeks later 2 emails sent & no one helps. Customer service is actually appalling. I will NOT order off this site ever again.,1,2025-08-29 23:21:06+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,DO NOT USE THIS WEBSITE,DO NOT ORDER FROM HERE. The product is so cheap and for me unwearable. I was also unaware it comes from china and takes a considerable amount of time. The return process is ridiculous you basically have to pay yourself and send a tracking number I had no idea of this and would never have expect that at all. Complete waste of time and money it’s probably going to cost me more to send back than what I paid. I can also now read that even when people send back they haven’t been refunding. Please don’t waste your time.,1,2025-08-29 14:47:48+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Always solid customer support,I have been a customer for 5 years and my experiences so far have always been great.,5,2025-08-29 11:50:28+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Avoid at all costs. Not worth the hassle.,"If I could give the new Missguided less than one star I would. The quality of the clothes is awful, sizes are also not true. I have been fighting for a refund for almost two months. I returned two parcels both at the same time with proof of delivery. One I have had a refund for however the more costly parcel I am still waiting and arguing for. AVOID this website at all costs it is not worth the hassle.",1,2025-08-27 13:16:06+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,10/10 customer service,The stitching came away at the seam after I had already removed the labels from my skirt. I contacted customer service as the item was no longer in stock to exchange and they gave me a voucher for the full amount of the skirt (I bought mine in the sale) so I could order a full price replacement. Such amazing customer service and responsed really quickly to my email. 10/10 customer service.,5,2025-08-27 13:10:04+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Returned an order by post paid for it…,Returned an order by post paid for it to tracked and signed for… As it took them so long to make a refund. I lost my invoice. Apparently they did this to a friend also. Not a good site at all. Never order from them… Returns site is useless!!,1,2025-08-26 23:27:30+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,"L&Y - Friendly, ethical, and always provide excellent customer service","Always second-to-none customer service, helpful, courteous and environmentally conscious! I love this company and everything I've bought from L&Y (approximately half of my wardrobe!) On the rare occasion I've received something imperfect, it's been resolved without issue, the company encourages ethical consumption, keeping products in circulation or returning them as part of the Re-Yak scheme. I've been a fan for many years.",5,2025-08-26 12:56:50+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,If I should compare the first company…,"If I should compare the first company misguided I miss them so much.  The new owners seems to be unreliable. Reviews are one star. If I had read the reviews before, I would not have made my order. It's taking more than a week for shipping. The original misguided was classy and reliable. Won't be shopping here again. I am missing the original misguided so much was once my favorite shopping online store.",1,2025-08-25 11:09:17+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Great customer service,"Ordered a number of items and didn’t notice until I’d already removed the tag on one of them that some of the stitching had come loose. I saw on their website that returns had to be including tags, so I got in touch with customer service to see if I’d still be able to get a replacement. Got a reply from Ella who offered me several different options including getting a replacement sent out, which she did so speedily. Really appreciate the help and such a quick resolution!",5,2025-08-23 22:29:11+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Cheaply made crap!,"As others have stated, absolutely do not order from this version of Missguided. They are nothing like the previous brand. The quality is horrendous, cheaply made crap! Avoid, avoid, avoid! These items are not priced to reflect the quality you receive.",1,2025-08-23 18:54:59+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Absolute joke of a company,Absolute joke of a company. Scam. Don’t order. I ordered a dress that’s too big and doesn’t suit me. I have sent repeated emails and tried to contact them on social media to get a return sorted and I’ve been completely ignored. Absolute scam. Don’t bother. They should be reported to the Trade Descriptions Act.,1,2025-08-23 11:40:06+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,If I could give no stars I would,"If I could give no stars I would. The customer service or lack off that I have received is shocking. I am still waiting on my refund, it has been over a month. I have escalated it to Resolver. I will be contacting trading standards at my local Council. It is illegal what they are doing. Do not shop with this brand anymore since they have been bought out everything has gone down the pan!",1,2025-08-23 11:37:04+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Nearly impossible to return items,"Nearly impossible to return items. There is no direct way to do it on the app. You must contact customer service who take unbelievably long to respond. All items on their website can be found for cheaper on SHEIN. I’m not sure what happened to this brand, but it is pretty much over for them. Items take around a week to be delivered as they are coming straight from China.",1,2025-08-22 10:16:06+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Not fit for purpose,I ordered 2 dresses and when arrived they were see through and not fit for purpose! I requested a refund and Misguided advised I had to pay for shipping. I paid £4.05 postal tracking to then be debited £2.99 from Misguided for shipping. I have requested the shipping fee to be returned as I have been charged twice!!! I will NOT use this company again. Extremely bad experience and very costly,1,2025-08-21 15:31:29+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Full blown Fraud,"I ordered clothing items from Missguided, but they were sent in Shein bags, and the items do not match the descriptions provided. Additionally, there have been intentional delays in processing my eligible returns, which contradicts UK consumer laws. This situation has caused me significant distress, as their terms state a 30-day returns policy that they are not honoring. Furthermore, receiving items from Shein instead of Missguided constitutes false advertising, and the products are not as described. This place is completely fraudulent. DO NOT order from them! I’m £100 out of pocket for low-quality Shein clothes, and there is no way to return the items. Citizens Advice informed me that they are operating from outside the UK, so I’m not protected by UK consumer law. Missguided is exploiting this loophole to avoid accepting returns!",1,2025-08-20 18:16:32+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,My parcel took 2 weeks to come,"My parcel took 2 weeks to come, I am trying to return the item and no return label is issued. I’ve emailed their customer service and completed the contact form on their website 5 times now with no reply! How am I meant to get a refund?! I am now stuck with a dress that does not fit and no way of returning it.",1,2025-08-20 00:53:58+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,I did some shopping in primark today…,I did some shopping in primark today bought a couple of hoods for winter they were supposed to be on sale one was correctly priced the other which should have been I was charged full price for unfortunatly I did not check the receipt till I got home as the item was bought on a day out it would cost more to go back and complain as this is not the first time I urge everyone check your receipts.,1,2025-08-19 18:37:56+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Would give zero stars if I could,Would give zero stars if I could. Customer service it absolutely horrific. Do not order from there unless you want to loose your money. Trading Standards need to close them down,1,2025-08-19 09:54:34+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Do not ever order from here!!,Do not ever order from here!!! Absolute scam. The customer services are a joke - despite sending parcel back via royal mail (proof of purchase etc) still haven’t received an email response or refund in over a month. They’re a TERRIBLE company to order from - AVOID AT ALL COSTS!!!!!!,1,2025-08-17 21:16:01+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,wish i had read the reviews before…,"wish i had read the reviews before ordering took ages to come it comes in shein packaging fit awful, you have to pay to return yourself and judging by the other reviews lets see if i get a refund thank goodness I bought off my credit card so all else fails I will get them to sort. DO NOT BUY FROM THEM . At least with shein they make it easy to be able to return things",1,2025-08-17 17:25:24+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Disgraceful customer service,"Ordered item which took ages to arrive and unfortunately it was not suitable.  Contacted them via email for return label and after 4 attempts I eventually received a return address.  Parcel was returned via Royal Mail with a tracking reference and I have had ongoing issues with them.  Their email advises to contact them if nothing heard within 72 hours which happened 3 times and now today I have been told that they do not recognize the tracking number, totally unacceptable.  Will never order from them again and would advise others to do the same.  I am very angry about this.",1,2025-08-16 10:25:11+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Waiting on the return label,I have now completed a return process 3 times and I am still waiting on thelabelno co tact from you at all,1,2025-08-15 22:01:56+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Very bad customer service!!,"Very bad customer service!!!  Big problem with return order, not contacting, don’t give return address and return label!!!  Very cheap quality. Don’t order nothing from this poor company!!!",1,2025-08-15 19:49:05+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,I love the Lucy & Yak brand,I love the Lucy & Yak brand. My only gripe is that there are no shops in Ireland. 🥺I’m a loyal customer after first seeing a few celebs wearing the dungarees and then I was hooked. Customer service ( Hannah was who I dealt with) was quick to respond. I would love to see the brand do bedding ♥️ keep up the good work… and keep up the collaborative work. It’s great to see good causes getting some attention and support also. Perhaps a T-shirt collaboration to support the current conflicts in the world…. 🌍 ♥️ A worthwhile project,5,2025-08-15 16:03:34+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Not even worth one star,Not even worth one star. Absolute Joke I returned 2 items back in June and they owe me my refund. I have proof they have received my items back. I have sent 8 chase emails one response is sorry we are busy if not responded to in 48 hours to email again. and what a surprise no response. Customer service is totally disgusting and I'm am now out of pocket as I also had to pay to return the items. I would never use this awful company again or recommend anyone to do so.,1,2025-08-15 15:38:33+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,I wouldn't even give 1 star,"I wouldn't even give 1 star. Order took ages to arrive, I wanted to return due to not being suitable. Missguided kept in touch via email for returning but once I returned my order they stopped replying. That's been over a month I've been chasing them and nothing.",1,2025-08-15 10:03:24+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,The L&Y team got straight back to me,The L&Y team got straight back to me. They were so friendly and kind and offered very generous solutions to my issue. This experience has just furthered my love for the brand and everything they stand for. Thank you for the outstanding customer service and comfort and joy that I get from your clothes. ⭐️⭐️⭐️ ⭐️ ⭐️,5,2025-08-14 20:32:48+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,DO NOT ORDER !!!!,"DO NOT ORDER !!!! My order came in shein packaging ?? I ordered from missguided I have requested a return on their ' contact us' on their website as this is the only way to do it, I have done this 4 times over 2 weeks have had no reply, you get an automated email saying they are busy but will reply in 72 hours, still NOTHING I have red reviews everywhere that even when you do return the items you do not get a refund I will NEVER order from ""missguided"" again I am down £££ for 3 dresses that I am stuck with and the quality is AWFUL",1,2025-08-14 15:54:40+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,"Avoid, a matching 2 piece suit isn't reason enough, if one part becomes faulty to get a full refund","I purchased based a 2 piece matching suit from Primark Milton Keynes and the top half was faulty and out of stock so I was given a refund, the bottom half they refused to refund as they said that I could wear it with something else lol. Sadly this came from not 1 but 2 instore managers, so I contacted my bank to do a chargeback and It turns out that if a company refuses to accept a return then you can't get you're money back. The only way around it is to post the item back to the company at a cost of close to £4 as you need a tracking number, to then £5 as the shorts cost £9.",1,2025-08-13 12:12:53+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Bad experience that I didn’t read…,Bad experience that I didn’t read reviews earlier I order dress size 12/14 not even fit me bad can’t return have to pay for return avoid this scammer misguided it’s from china take  2 weeks to deliver.,1,2025-08-12 08:51:14+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,mixed,The returns process felt deliberately fiddly but when I contacted customer services they were very helpful,4,2025-08-12 08:14:46+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Good help you if you want to return…,God help you if you want to return everything . I've just had Ann e mail with return details on. It's the only way they will refund me. They have given me a30 refund to have the dress altered ... It was custom made. It's falls to floor it's that bull and far too long and not like picture at all. The 30 seems to be their standard I put a review on. They offered me 10 to take it off. The return has to be made to China. You have to pay all custom charges. It is then not guaranteed they will refund if it doesn't meet there standard which I feel it won't whatever you send. My advise would be don't touch them with a barge pole.,1,2025-08-11 21:20:40+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Still waiting almost a month for a refund!,Waiting almost a month for a refund on some returns with ZERO communication from this company.  DO NOT BUY FROM HERE THEIR CUSTOMER SERVICE IS NON-EXISTENT.  Having to now seek legal action,1,2025-08-11 08:47:38+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Wouldn't even give one star,"Wouldn't even give one star Extremely disappointing and unprofessional. Quality of clothes are cheap and sizes are all over the place. Also difficulties with return, emailed them over and over and still no response with a return label. I will never order from them again!!!",1,2025-08-11 00:05:11+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Oh gosh I have been waiting ages for my…,Oh gosh I have been waiting ages for my order to say it is coming from China ! my orders from Shein Missguided have been good quality .  I am now panicking  as I expect poor quality and I go on holiday in a 13 days !! What a poor experience I am so disappointed .,1,2025-08-09 19:01:52+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Poor customer service,Poor customer service. Despite stating they have return policy you have to message them to ask at least twice!! Then they send you an address to return to no label etc and then they want you to send tracking number all at your cost. Rubbish policy will not order again,1,2025-08-09 07:27:26+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,I am really struggling to get a return…,"I am really struggling to get a return code to send items back, they just email back saying too busy and to get back to them within 72 hours which I did and still nothing, how am I supposed to get a refund ? Will not be using them again, ridiculous",1,2025-08-08 17:36:26+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,More than satisfactory!,More than satisfactory outcome with an issue I was having with some garments I bought. Thank you for resolving quickly.,5,2025-08-08 12:22:47+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Avoid this company at all costs,Avoid this company at all costs! Do not use their website to order. I bought clothes off here and they didn’t fit so wanted to return them. I have tried to contact their email numerous times and had no response back at all. I have contacted their instagram page too and had nothing back even though it says they are active. Blatantly just ignoring any communications to do with how to do the returns policy. I used Klarna for the payment so hoping they can do something about this. Anyone thinking of using this website please don’t it will save you a load of stress!,1,2025-08-07 21:38:57+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,"Shein in disguise, yet costs more","Parcel took ages to come, when it did it was in a shein packet, yet my shein parcels arrived so much quicker than this did. None fitted so emailed for a return which was never answered so sent again, which was never answered, and finally got an answer on the 3rd giving a returns address. Postage needs to be paid by myself yet shein do free returns. Don't buy from missguided website, just go direct to shein for it",1,2025-08-07 11:47:46+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Shocking customer service.,"Shocking customer service. Difficult to contact anyone and the replies are unprofessional. Trying to rerun an order as the quality and sizing is awful, getting no help at all to do a return. How is this company still operating? It was terrible before the SHEIN takeover and terrible now. Do not order.",1,2025-08-07 11:16:03+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Not Missguided! Its Shein,"I ordered from what I believed to be Missguided,  only for the order to have come from Shein.. I tried to send a message to them through the Missguided website! And after received an automated reply saying they are extremely busy and will respond within 72hrs. That was a week ago and I've sent several more with the same response.  I want a returns form to send the order back. I have contacted Klarna as they is the payment method I used. They don't seem to have any contacts information on there sight either.  IT IS A NIGHTMARE",1,2025-08-06 18:15:44+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Return,Knowing that patterns and clothing sell out very quickly I bought a pair of dungarees in advance of my daughter's birthday . Unfortunately they were too big. I contacted Lucy and Yak customer service and explained the situation.They very kindly allowed the return even though it was past 30 days and will issue an in-store credit voucher . Much appreciated.,5,2025-08-06 13:17:03+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Steer clear of this company!,Steer clear of this company! I have been trying to return a poorly made dress for almost a week now. As soon as I opened the package I could see it was poor quality and immediately went about starting a return! To do so you need to get it authorised by Missguided by sending an email. Lo and behold nobody picks up the email and I can only assume this is so the buyer will give up eventually. Not me! I’ll go to my bank if I have to. I only wish I read these appalling reviews before parting with my money!,1,2025-08-05 17:37:52+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Terrible experience,"Terrible experience. Items ordered were not good quality. Had to chase several times via email to get a return request number.. no return documentation provided. Sent the items back 3 weeks ago with reference numbers and contact details and still no refund. I am now going back and forth on email, they clearly have no idea where my returned items are and so not expecting to see my money again which is £80. I am already down £10 from sending it back. Customer service is slow to respond and no one seems to be connected to what is happening. How are they allowed to trade like this?",1,2025-08-05 09:32:25+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Returns,Brought a dress not knowing shein took over paid though PayPal  thinking I have no problem returning how  wrong was I sent dress back have receipt to prove it missguided refused my return saying the dress was suitable for me but it wasmt it was to small PayPal won't refund cos it not under there policy disgusting I have lost out,1,2025-08-04 14:09:58+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Dont order from here!,Do not order from this company! Absolute scammers. The quality is nothing like the website. I went to return my whole order as I was so disappointed with the fit and the quality but there is no return policy! There is no address you have to contact them. But you don't hear anything back. Its been 3 weeks and I still haven't heard anything.,1,2025-08-04 12:14:25+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Misleading The items are not the same as shown in…,"The items are not the same as shown in the pictures, all from SHEIN and unable to send back for a refund . They ignore you. Bad service and bad quality total misleading the public Shen advertising under misguided name",1,2025-08-03 14:34:10+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Racists,"Racists, I’ve seen nothing but racism displayed from the managers of primark, they have no regard if a customer sees this and feels uncomfortable. They obviously love having control over people and it’s disgusting",1,2025-08-02 18:17:46+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Been trying to return one item for…,Been trying to return one item for weeks and no response. Have sent multiple emails and nothing. Would never buy from here again!!!,1,2025-08-02 13:28:04+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Excellent and timely support on an…,Excellent and timely support on an issue I had with a pair of pants.,5,2025-08-01 17:42:57+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,How do i even return an order?,"How do i even return an order?! At this point i don't even mind paying to return it, i just need details HOW to do it! Absolutely shocking!",1,2025-08-01 13:49:05+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Excellent quality,Excellent quality. Fantastic customer service support.,5,2025-08-01 09:23:13+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,I used to shop from here all the time.,I used to shop from here all the time.. I have a-few events coming up so order a lottt of bits. Most were such poor quality!! I’ve been trying to return for 3weeks now and getting nowhere. I’ve had to pay £8 to send back and that was over a week now and nothing… I’m never shopping from here again!,1,2025-07-31 16:24:30+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Excellent service and communication,Excellent service and communication. I needed to exchange an item and had a deadline to receive the exchange. The email service was fantastic and the new item sent out the same day.,5,2025-07-30 23:16:26+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,Wouldn’t recommend,I used to absolutely love Missguided placed an order recently when I received the parcel it was in a shein bag I didn’t realise shein has taken over misguided. I wouldn’t say there was anything wrong with the clothes but my problem is now they don’t respond back to my emails regarding a return. I am only returning because the clothes didn’t fit me but I am not getting anywhere with them now,1,2025-07-30 22:12:21+00:00,Trustpilot
Missguided,Fast Fashion,ILLEGAL behaviour from this company,"Customer team are deliberately delaying a response to me in order to expire the return period for my order. Absolutely inexcusable and illegal behaviour. I will be escalating legally if I do not hear back within the next few days. According to the Consumer Contracts Regulations 2013 and the Consumer Rights Act 2015, customers have a 14-day ""cooling-off period"" starting from the day after goods are received. During which time, customers can cancel a purchase and get a full refund for any reason, including simply changing their mind. Customers must inform the seller within 14 days and then return the item within another 14 days. I have informed the seller (yourselves) and am now awaiting instructions to return my order. If I do not hear back I will be escalating this case legally.",1,2025-07-30 11:23:31+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Lucy and Yak is always always…,Lucy and Yak is always always incredible with customers,5,2025-07-27 19:14:02+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,What an absolute joke,What an absolute joke What an absolute joke. Click and collect order was wrong. 3 items missing. It took an absolute age trying to find out how to contact someone. Eventually got passed the “bot” to live chat. There is no phone number by the way. Live chat agent said wait 48 hrs and communicate only by email. Wow. I won’t ever use their click and collect service or stores anymore. Be very wary of Primark especially online. When it goes wrong it’s a nightmare mare to sort.,1,2025-07-25 21:38:18+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Today I returned some items back to…,"Today I returned some items back to Primark’s Northampton, only to be told that my Apple Pay number didn’t match the receipt, after telling them I only have one account my Apple Pay & my Apple Watch my physical card is all linked to that one account! She still told me that I used a different account and card 😤 I even showed her the transaction on my bank account. She’s still telling me that I didn’t use that account l! frustrated and not sure what was going on, I accepted what she was saying and took my items back home with me because the cashier was embarrassing me in front of other customers, I called my bank to find out what was going on and was told that I’d used my Account purchase the items from Primark, after telling my friend what happened to me today she also had the same experience. The cashier telling her that her card number didn’t match the receipt. Please, if anyone else has experienced this, can they tell me because I think it’s a scam from Primark so they don’t have to give you refunds?",1,2025-07-23 21:42:48+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Love this shop,"Love this shop, And the help is first class well done 👏 I will definitely be back",5,2025-07-22 22:10:24+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Quick to help,Quick to help! Flexible and happy to help me with a bulk buy order of aprons for my wedding.,5,2025-07-22 16:26:35+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,ethical clothing,the funnest trousers ever ! My favourite brand for sustainable and ethically made clothing. return process super easy!,5,2025-07-20 23:34:06+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Your Primark store in Madrid Spain is a…,"Your Primark store in Madrid Spain is a racist place to be the security guards. There are horrible. I’ve spent so much money at Primark in the past at this point I will never step foot in another primark or speak highly of you as I have in the past I’m disappointed And completely done and will advise everyone in the public that I know that I come in contact with not to ever shop at the Primark in Madrid, Spain, on  (GRANDE VIA) the most racist, security guards in the world.. I will include that the staff who worked directly with the blue shirts on for Primark. Are and were extremely kind, however the security at Primark in Madrid, Spain on grande Via are prejudice, racist, and they profile people with darker skin….. this is sad me and hurt me because I was a big fan of your stores worldwide",1,2025-07-19 23:10:10+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Love Lucy and yak good quality lovely…,Love Lucy and yak good quality lovely colours bright colours just love the dungarees got lots now but need more for my collection Thankyou Lucy and yak 👍🌈,5,2025-07-17 18:48:10+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,The customer service is amazing,The customer service is amazing. I've heard the best things about their clothing and it's good to know there's a good team behind it as well.,5,2025-07-16 16:51:43+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,I have several pairs of Lucy & Yak…,I have several pairs of Lucy & Yak Alexa trousers which I live in as they are so comfortable. Have had returns processed with no issues and I found a fault in an item that they dealt with quickly and efficiently.,5,2025-07-07 12:37:46+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,We bought an item in Portugal a bag of…,"We bought an item in Portugal a bag of sorts wicker type . £18 looked nice , lasted all of 5 mins once back home. We took it back to a Primark in Stafford . But the shop staff said it could not exchange although they stocked the exact same one . Reason ; we bought it in another country . Well not knowing whether or not we had the right to return. I am just pointing it out to others who may use PRIMARK steer well clear of this retailer. Read other reviews shocking. There are a lot better stores out there I certainly will not use them ever again and I will make sure that everyone I come into contact with gets to know exactly what they are like . We have a receipt , and I will be checking our statutory rights , and maybe visit the store but speak to the manager this time .",1,2025-07-06 22:50:29+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Love the shop,"Love the shop, love the clothes. I really live in everything I ever ordered. Delivery to outside of the UK is no problem either. Also I don’t think I was ever in contact with a better customer service. Whenever I had a question or problem they went the extra mile to make sure it was solved/answered.",5,2025-07-05 15:06:23+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Incredible experience,Incredible experience! Prompt & helpful! The clothes are incredible quality too,5,2025-07-02 23:04:44+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Great experience at primark,"Great experience at primark, helpful staff. Manager Nadia is very kind and helpful. Would like to go again for shopping at primark.",5,2025-07-02 21:02:36+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,"Faulty bag, but replaced very quickly.","Purchased the crossbody bag recently, 3 weeks into having it, it fell off me whilst walking and the link/stitching had broken and fallen off, so i was dissapointed that this had happened only having it 3 weeks and only used lightly a hand ful of times, however when i contacted customer service, they dealt with it really well and really quickly within 2 days i got a replacement and a free returns label to send the broken one back. Overall, very happy with my purchases, and can fault their customer service.",4,2025-06-25 16:01:15+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Brilliant customer service amazing…,Brilliant customer service amazing stuff thank you so much.,5,2025-06-23 12:27:47+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Excellent,Very helpful throughout. Speedy and easy returns. Prompt reimbursement,5,2025-06-19 14:44:49+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,Great service!,"I had an issue with a pair of shorts I ordered, and got a response super fast. The whole process was really easy and I think it’s really great that they encourage you to make use of the damaged item so it doesn’t go to waste.",5,2025-06-18 14:14:43+00:00,Trustpilot
Lucy & Yak,Ethical Fashion,awesome customer service,Responded to my email super quickly when I had a problem with my return. Turns out it was my mistake but they dealt with it super quickly and were lovely! Thank you so much :),5,2025-06-18 07:20:47+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Outstanding customer service…,I went to a primark in Nottingham it was almost closing time so I went to the tills then I realised I wanted another pair of leggings so I spoke to the cashier that I needed another pair so he went off his till & got me 1 then I realised I needed a larger size so he got off his till & once again he helped me & asked what size to the next till & she told me what is was the 2 people who helped me there names are edior & Katy thankyou for your excellent customer service & thankyou for helping me you both,5,2025-06-08 21:16:28+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Fitting rooms are a state to behold,"Why was the Muslim girl on fitting rooms on first floor so miserable looking like she doesn't want to be there? Birmingham High Street store btw. Also, the state of your fitting rooms as well is ridiculous at the back. The white girl with brown hair who is usually pleasant was asked to move these rails to another room by her manager while she is busy serving on the desk - why can't Mr. Beard and bald Manager do it? It's not hard is it if he's not doing much. I hear he is leaving in July so probably for the best I hear from your staff.",1,2025-05-23 18:48:22+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Huddersfield store if your going to…,Huddersfield store if your going to have self scans you need to have some form of trust in your customers for me to scan £97 worth of goods for then the screen to flash perform a random check for me to wait patiently for then the colleague to unpack  every single item out of my bags and check the screen to make sure all was scanned which it was for her then to just leave the goods unpacked for then I have to re pack it all absolutely shocking and humiliating to be made to feel this way in front of lots of other customers poor service poor system I’m a retail manager myself and I know how that experience would make them feel totally ruined my customer journey and experience to the point I was so close to just leaving it all and walking away I’m not 1 to normally complain in shops because I know how hard retail workers works but I was that annoyed and embarrassed I sought out a member of the management team to give my feedback,1,2025-05-21 11:42:59+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,“Don’t Charge Us to Advertise for You!”,"I am outraged by Primark’s decision to start charging 15p for paper bags. This isn’t about sustainability; it’s an obvious money grab at the expense of customers. These bags are flimsy, tear easily, and have your branding plastered all over them—essentially, we’re being asked to pay for the privilege of being walking billboards for your company. This charge feels completely unjustified. Customers should never be forced to pay for something so low-quality and disposable. If you truly cared about sustainability, you would offer durable, reusable bags, not flimsy ones that break after a single use. Charging customers for these bags preys on our trust, and it’s clear that this is just another way to increase profits under the guise of “helping the environment.” What’s even worse is that this unfair practice is now becoming common across retailers. But I refuse to accept this as the new normal. As customers, we need to stand up and reject any company that tries to profit off us by charging for bags that have no real value. Primark should be ashamed of this decision, and I will no longer shop at a store that disrespects its customers this way. I strongly encourage everyone to stop supporting this exploitative practice. Don’t let Primark—or any other retailer—think they can get away with charging us for something that should be part of our shopping experience without an extra cost. Refuse to accept it. Speak up. Demand better.",1,2025-05-19 00:12:10+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Shame on you Primark for charging 15p…,"Shame on you Primark for charging 15p on paper bags, plastic is supposed to be ruining the environment & had the plastic levy, pure greed, gone are the traditional Primark days your NOT value on £ anymore your actually expensive now, you don’t think ppl are noticing but we actually are!",1,2025-05-18 16:37:46+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Visited the Stoke store,Visited the Stoke store. The queues were the full length of the barriers. Three people on the tills and very slow at serving. Member of staff tidying away coat hangers instead of serving customers. Couldn’t find a member of staff on the floor to help with reaching a garment I had to leave without it. Very frustrating.,1,2025-05-17 12:19:34+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Disappointing Checkout Experience at Primark Llanelli,"Visited the Llanelli Primark store recently to pick up some clothing. The shopping experience started off well—the range of clothes was reasonable, and the changing rooms were spacious and easy to access. However, things took a sharp downturn at the checkout. The entire checkout process was poorly designed and frustrating. The area appears to have been recently revamped, but not for the better. There was only one staff member handling sales and returns at a very small counter, and another stationed at a separate area where customers were funneled into a queue to use self-service checkouts. The self-checkouts themselves were confusing and inconsistent—some had handheld scanners, others did not. Trying to scan clothes, pay extra for a bag, and locate a printed receipt turned into a chaotic task. To make matters worse, as we attempted to exit, we were abruptly stopped and spoken to rudely by a staff member. Apparently, you’re required to scan your receipt in order to leave the area—something that was never made clear during the process. It left a sour taste after what had been a decent in-store experience. A little more signage, clearer instructions, and better staffing could make a world of difference. Until then, be prepared for a stressful finish to your shopping trip.",2,2025-04-22 14:35:20+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,I wanted to buy a black jeans but there…,I wanted to buy a black jeans but there was a no one to help me. When I rescheduled out to one employee he told he he doesn’t work in that senction and there will be another lady named Rachel who can help . When I asked if he can help me call her to the section he just said sorry and walked away . I was really unhappy with the result therefore I just took what I had in my hand and paid the money and walked off . This is for primark Stratford Westfield,1,2025-02-28 12:23:46+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,I believe in honest reviews,"I believe in honest reviews.  I've shopped there on two occasions.  I bought a ""leather"" belt (actually plastic) which was reasonably prized, but the ""leather"" peeled off after I wore it a few times.  Then, I bought clothing that when I got home and tried it on... was much smaller than the size indicated on the package.  In short... fair prices... good selection... but you get what you pay for... not much quality. It's basically budget-shopping.",2,2025-02-06 20:15:16+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Good products - terrible online experience,"Good products, jumpers, joggers, but a shockingly bad web site. You have to reload it multiple times before you can select an item - almost unusable - spent 5 mins trying to select one item!",2,2025-01-24 16:08:32+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,I’m very disappointed with the quality…,"I’m very disappointed with the quality of the clothing.  I bought a jersey from primark Almeria and would you believe it, one pocket is sewn upside down.  As it’s a jersey, it’s difficult to unpick the pocket and turn it the right way.  Where is the quality control?  I travelled a long way to shop at this store.",2,2025-01-22 17:39:09+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Poor customer service,"Took back faulty pyjamas to the new glasgow fort store tonight. As they were a Christmas gift i didnt have a receipt but i only wanted to exchange them for another pair. I was informed by Mark the manager that no proof of purchase no exchange, i asked if this was right as the goods were faulty and he again replied no proof of purchase no exchange. In fact i felt as if i was being accused of stealing the pyjamas!! I was upset as the shop was very busy so i took the faulty pyjamas and walked out the store. When i came hone I googled primarks policy for returning faulty goods and it states that no receipt is needed??",1,2024-12-30 22:22:14+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Laura at MK1 Primark delivered…,"Laura at MK1 Primark delivered exceptional customer service. Her impressive attention to detail stood out as she not only helped me place an online order but also informed me about the convenient Click and Collect service, which is fantastic. Truly outstanding support",5,2024-12-13 08:14:53+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Nothing for 12 days and my e-mail came…,"Nothing for 12 days and my e-mail came back. Very worried now, that I will never get the order and my money back. Asked my bank to refund now. They must be in trouble.",1,2024-12-12 02:29:28+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Went to the Sunderland store,"Went to the Sunderland store, went to tills to pay for my 4 items. The sales Assistant asked me if I wanted a paper carrier bag which I excepted her offer, only to find it was a small bag and I said to her, you won't get all those into that bag. Her reply was oh I will. She proceeded to roll the items upwith the hangers still on the garments. I stopped her and said, get a bigger bag and fold the garments up, instead of rolling them up. Her reply was my manager said this is how I have to do it and she will be watching me and I will get wrong. She finally got a bigger bag, and proceeded to fold the items up, but with the hangers still attached to the garments. I explained it would be easier if she removed the hangers. She finally did remove them folded them up and placed them in the bag. I paid for the items and started to leave the till point, when Security came running upto the till point. She had called security onto me, for asking for my garments to be folded and bigger bag. Shocking service.",1,2024-12-07 10:56:56+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Has to be the worst website in the world,"Has to be the worst website in the history of the world. So slow it practically crawls and when you try to register it won't let you, just says names cannot begin or end with whitespace spaces? Tried on desktop and phone. Complete rubbish!",1,2024-11-02 17:46:05+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,RETURN NEVER RECEIVED,"Similar to other's experiences, I had an order in August 2023 and returned 2 items which I never received payment into my account for. Seems like they have gone into liquidation but their NL based office is still running. I sent multiple emails and received a bounce back each time, I also tried via the website and still nothing.",1,2024-11-01 18:00:29+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Rubbish website,"Rubbish website, many items not available in all stores.             Little wonder the words tacky and primark go hand in hand.",1,2024-10-22 07:55:43+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Absolutely love everything in primark,Absolutely love everything in primark It's my favourite shop,5,2024-08-24 22:58:06+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Only Yesterday in Düsseldorf,"Only Yesterday in Düsseldorf, Germany your workers and Security threw Out a Young man and His Baby girly with a broken arm For sitting on the staircase Side waiting For His wife to Finish Shopping.We are living in a civilzed world where the customers should BE treated with Respect.lndeed a very shameful incident on the part of the workers and Security of Primark in Düsseldorf in Germany.For your information the Familie was from another state , Kassel, Germany.They CAME to receive this insult.Shame on the Management If they dont respond to this allegations",1,2024-07-14 00:10:17+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Primary Hull - overcharged again,Primary Hull - 4th time overcharged for items in a row. Good job I’m checking the screen as they are going through. 3 weeks ago bought some jeans and got overcharged and came back 3 weeks later and was overcharged again for same pair. Clearly this is becoming standard practice.,1,2024-07-13 13:14:51+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,"Shocking service,2 shorts purchased on…","Shocking service,2 shorts purchased on Sunday ,receipt lost ,went to fort kinaird to buy a lot of items and wouldn't exchange,left shorts ,didn't buy anything,thanks for Ur help ben",1,2024-06-06 12:59:42+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Stevenage Store - Bad Attitude,"Stevenage Store Place is a dump and 6 staff (teenagers) standing around talking.  I watched a pair of girls pass same item between them a number of times in an attempt to look busy.  They didn't move for 15 minutes.  Clothes all over the floor.  Elsewhere one customer asked a query about prices as the denim table had sale and non sale items mixed up and and was told ""look on the label"". I approached a member of staff wearing no uniform or badge but had headset on so I assumed she had some leadership role.  I asked her why the store was a mess and why she allowed staff to chat instead of help customers and was curtly told ""madam, let management do their job"".  Hmm, that's a professional response.  I stood in front of her while she actually rolled her eyes.  Her reply should have been ""thank you for bringing that to my attention, I will deal with it now"". It appears the weekend staff stand around and the weekday staff spend hours sorting their mess. Well done 👍🏼😐",1,2024-04-30 19:46:58+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Primark Edit is fantastic!,Shopped in Middlesbrough store this week. The store was well organised and clean.  The 'Primark Edit' section had some fantastic items of a really high quality.  I'll definitely be calling in again.,5,2024-04-13 09:28:14+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,"Got my order of beautiful pants, but very late","The same happened to me as i can see happened to multiple people here. I placed an order, it's been three weeks and I've gotten nothing but the order confirmation. The money was taken from my account, but I haven't gotten my order. I've had great experience with people tree in the past, with high service and really great clothing, so I never thought this would be different. Update: I did get the pants, and they are amazing, but still very strange not to hear from the site, npt even when my product arrived.",3,2024-03-24 11:34:46+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,VERY NASTY BEHAVIOUR FILTERS DOWN FROM THE TOP,"Hello Trust Pilot; I have asked you to adjust your website to allow for ""0"" stars because of companies like this one, Primark After being told I could not have a refund or exchange in Milton Keynes, Midsummer Bouldevard store, I told the cashier I would pay for another item at a different till; it was to allow me to transfer some money to my account, not wanting to hold up another customer. The manager and cashier did not believe I was going to pay for the item downstairs and reported me to security. I was covertly withheld in the store by cashiers who thought I had stolen a £3.00 pillowcase! They interrogated me publicly wanting to know why a pillowcase was not with a quilt cover. I reported this to their complaints department who wanted to blame the security staff, however it was the cashiers not the security staff who would not let me go. Gaining insight into the complaints advisor wanting to shift the blame on to the private security company I withdrew the complaint and the complaints advisor responded that I should not contact them anymore.",1,2024-03-08 11:19:08+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,DO NOT ORDER,"I've shopped with People Tree over the years and never had any problems... Until July 2023. I ordered 2 dresses but had to send them back because the fabric was really thin and they didn't fit properly. More Primark than People Tree quality. At the end of July, I noticed that the refund had not been processed and emailed People Tree. On July 31 I got a reply from the company Director, he said that their customer service specialist had had to leave the company at short notice and that “we are working through the backlog of outstanding issues as fast as we can to ensure that nothing gets missed whilst we recruit and train someone else.” Fast forward to September. A large letter landed on my doormat informing me that People Tree UK has collapsed into administration and listing me as one of the creditors. Unfortunately, I paid by debit card and never got my money back. The reason I’m posting this review is because I can see that their European website is still running and I saw two reviews from EU customers who ordered but never received anything. DO NOT ORDER!!! The European website hasn’t been updated for months. If you look at T&C’s, you’ll see that the website is operated by People Tree Ltd, a company registered in the UK under number 02949366, whereas orders are fulfilled by People Tree Enterprises BV, a company registered in The Netherlands under KVK 82275602. People Tree Ltd, registration number 02949366, is the company that entered administration last September. How can a company that is being liquidated operate a website and forward information about orders to the Dutch arm of People Tree? You can find Opus Restructuring Llp (their liquidator) details on Companies House should you wish to contact them. If you’re reading this and are EU based, please spread awareness so that unsuspecting customers wouldn’t be placing new orders on the Dutch website! On September 27, 2023 The Guardian wrote that “People Tree’s European website is continuing to operate, with a note promising that shipping to the UK will begin soon, but former insiders said the European operation’s only employee was being made redundant and it was not clear how trade would be able to continue as the buying and marketing had been run from the UK.”",1,2024-03-01 12:27:38+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Management at the primark store in…,Management at the primark store in Belfast hang your head in shame for your totally unacceptable behaviour towards a member of staff who was wearing a Christmas jumper with merry Christmas written  in irish.  Disgusting is an under statement. I for one will never ever step foot in a primark store again,1,2023-12-21 18:52:21+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Do not order !!!,"I placed an order on Nov 13th. I received the confirmation email, and my bank account was debited. However, I never received my order. They don’t reply on instagram and both emails people and pr can’t be reached. I linked this brand and I have previous products so I never thought to look for reviews. I wish I did. I juste gave them 50,50€ for nothing, and that includes the delivery cost !!!!! I’m pissed.",1,2023-12-14 13:41:34+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Tried to exchange an item for larger…,"Tried to exchange an item for larger size. Met with rudeness, unprofessional behaviour, refusal to assist, lack of interest. Requested the manager attend. Scruffy badly dressed individual arrived with the same attitude. There are other department stores in preference to this one in Lincoln UK that would enjoy giving good customer experience. This store is not one of them. Avoid.",1,2023-12-13 23:26:26+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Horrible customer service,"I was super excited about the store opening at Concord Mills in NC but was hugely disappointed. The event was disorganized with zero transparency to event details. Especially regarding gift cards, I asked several team members about handing out gift cards and no one knew whether or not there would be any. Also, the team members were very rude when answering my questions. I also talked with a couple contractors (people with the contractor badge) working for the event and they were very unfriendly as well. I felt prejudice and discrimination from one contractor who showed extreme discrimination and malice toward me when I asked him about today’s event details. Again, super disappointed and hope the store can improve.",1,2023-11-16 23:18:18+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,The staff in your shop on the Moor were…,The staff in your shop on the Moor were rude and ignorant. I asked where the changing rooms were and the young lady said she didnt know. I understand people can be new but she didn't attempt to help me out,1,2023-11-09 08:43:31+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,DO NOT PURCHASE,"Wish I had seen these reviews, I too placed an order which was returned. They are happy to take your money but when it comes to refunds NO refund received, no telephone number and they don’t respond to emails! AVOID",1,2023-11-03 10:53:06+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Good stuff for a fraction if price,Good stuff for a fraction if price. Love shopping here,4,2023-10-30 12:13:52+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,"This firm has gone bust, do not use it!","Do not buy from this firm, they have gone into administration!! I don't know why their website is still up and running.",1,2023-10-20 13:09:40+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,No refund received!,"like others, the item was returned some time ago but no refund was issued. There is no correspondence from the company despite many attempts to contact customer services.",1,2023-10-12 10:28:03+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,"Don't buy, PIR Lights. Soon burn out",Primark's undercabinet lights last a day!,1,2023-09-23 08:31:19+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Company has gone under,"I have just received report detailing me as a creditor, the company has gone under. Do not order anything as you will not receive it!",1,2023-09-21 19:07:17+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Bracknell customer service experience.,"Went to Bracknell store and bought a set of underwear and socks. The customer assistant behind the counter was as rude and I’ll mannered as I’ve ever seen. Said come here sir and proceeded to scan and literally throw my goods into a paper bag and ask me for the money which I paid by card for then threw my receipt in the bag. Then I realised that she’d over charged me and asked her why she charged me £11.00 for goods that were marked £5.00 on the pack. She looked at me like I had just insulted her and called her manager over for help. He explained what to do if it happened again and she stood behind the counter and argued with him about it in front of me and other customers and staff. This lady has completely the wrong attitude to be working in retail and will not ever be an asset to primark or any retailer. She has absolutely no customer service acumen or service skills. Just because Primark goods are cheaper than other retailers doesn’t mean that Primark customers should be treated like 2nd class citizens and be spoken to and treated in such a rude, dismissive and disrespectful manner. Absolutely disgusting behaviour!",1,2023-09-20 17:03:33+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Issues obtaining a refund,"Similar to other reviews, I'm waiting for a refund. I returned items on July 17th and have had no response from People Tree despite chasing them several times. They don't respond to emails and there doesn't seem to be a contact number. So disappointing as I've bought clothes from them in the past and have never had any problems before.",1,2023-09-19 20:03:48+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,"No customer service, no response",Same as others I foolishly ordered twice! 🤦🏼‍♀️ so now waiting for 2 refunds!  I am very disappointed.,1,2023-09-14 21:02:30+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Primark West Bromwich,"Primark West Bromwich, never had any issues but this time the customer services and managers were horrible, think they were in a rush. I bought a pair of Disney Mickey mouse black school shoes from the school section of the shop for 4yr old. My DD went to school and came back with the bleeding at the back of feet just after 1 day of wear. I bought her another pair from a different shop. When I went back to return the shoe to Primark, the lady at the till made faces and gossiped to her colleague that if she or her kids have this issue she won't return them but buy them other pair from CLARKS. Then came the lady manager and her statement was: those shoes are not the school shoe but the fashion wear and parents should buy from big brands to have comfort shoes. So I felt they were promoting other brands and if they knew these shoes are the fashion shoe they should have put it on clearly and not on the school section, so that customers shouldn't buy them. None of the staff showed any kindness or concern,no responsibility of misleading information. None of them offered any exchange or any gift card. Rubbish customer service and manager statement was legendary. So PLEASE DON'T BUY DISNEY MICKEY MOUSE SHOE FROM PRIMARK FOR SCHOOL.",1,2023-09-14 19:51:39+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Return not refunded,"Same as many others here - returned part of an order in July and still not received a refund. Have emailed them, and messaged on social media - nothing. Next step is to try to claim back via the bank.",1,2023-09-14 11:50:13+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,"No refund/communication, what is happening","It's to do with refunds. I'm worried that they are in finacial difficulty. Like previous reviewers, returned 3 items in July and had no refund, no reply to emails and phone number unobtainable. Not very ethical to ignore your customers. Sounds like they are in trouble. Will not order with them and advise others likewise.",1,2023-09-12 12:53:20+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,I won't shop here again,"I won't shop here again. Historically good service and well made items that I've loved. However, I have had to chase for refunds and wait months for them to come through on the last two occassions and now I am still waiting for a refund for items I returned in May after they shipped me the wrong thing. They haven't responded to my emails. I have now raised a dispute on PayPal. Very disappointing.",2,2023-09-11 14:33:59+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Do not order,"Do not order! Company has massively gone downhill. I sent a return back in August, and company is ignoring my emails/Instagram messages. Luckily I purchased via Paypal, so I am getting back my refund back from them. Disappointing because this used to be a great company.",1,2023-09-11 09:35:17+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Absolutely no response from seller…,Absolutely no response from customer services despite repeated emails for 4 weeks now. Their sizing is ridiculously wrong so I returned some clothing. I have proof of returns but no refund. Will I ever get a refund? Seems unlikely judging by the other reviews,1,2023-09-09 01:11:45+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Ordering is easy but good luck getting a refund for your return,I am very disappointed in this company. I made a return for one of the items I'd ordered back in July. The return was received on 20th of July but Peopletree did not acknowledge the return or let me know that a refund was being processed. I contacted them by email as that is the way they said to be contacted. However I received no response. I eventually messaged them on Facebook and was told that they were working through their emails. There was no follow up from this whatsoever. I tried using Resolver to escalate this and still no response. Eventually after reading a recommendation on Instagram I raised a dispute with PayPal and got my refund. I have no idea what's going on with this company but I'm not happy that they're accepting and sending orders fine but seem to have no customer service whatsoever.,1,2023-09-08 13:10:04+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,I returned goods on the 11th of August…,I returned goods on the 11th of August and like that have always adored their clothes. No response to emails and UK phone number isn't working. Will I need to go through the ombudsman to get this sorted. I am owed £200 sterling and am loathe to buy from them again. Bitterly disappointed with this service or lack thereof and at a loss as to why it's happening!!,1,2023-09-06 08:27:02+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,No refund,No refund. No response. This company is disintegrating and shout not rightfully be trading any more. So much for ethical trading.,1,2023-09-04 21:09:26+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,"NO refund, zero communication","NO refund, no communication, do not buy from them Sorry to be another person with a bad experience of People Tree. No refund received for clothes returned in June, no response to my multiple emails. I did get an initial response which said their Customer Service representative had left and to bear with them… asking me to email them to prompt them!! Then no replies at all. I even sent a formal letter via recorded delivery to their offices which has been returned. I’ve had good experiences with People Tree in the past but can only urge people not to buy from them now.",1,2023-09-04 20:53:47+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,"NO COMMUNICATION, NO REFUND, HAS THIS COMPANY GONE BUST","I returned some items over two months ago, and despite contacting them many times via email (they do not have a phone number), I have still not received a refund. I have now taken up the issue with the ombudsman and my bank. The website is still up and running, so it seems that they are still trading despite the many reports that the business has gone bust. I am owed £70 and I am not very confident I will get it back...",1,2023-09-04 17:21:40+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Radio silence on refunds,Made an order 24th July which I sent for return on 31st July. It's not 4th August and no recognition of this at all or response to any emails with proof of postage. Tried calling customer services and the number doesn't work. I have always supported People Tree in the past for well made ethical clothing but this has completely ruined my trust in the brand,1,2023-09-04 17:09:27+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,I am still awaiting a refund after…,"I am still awaiting a refund after returning an item on 21st June 2023. I have emailed them 3 times. On the first occasion I did receive an email from their CEO James Minney in which he explained that a member of staff who dealt with returns had left the company rather suddenly. Since then, no reply to emails. It is very disappointing as I like to support ethical companies",1,2023-09-03 15:06:03+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Do not purchase anything you may return,Very sad to say am having the exact same experience as recent reviews on here. They really should not be accepting any orders if they are not staffing the returns department. Very sad to say think I've lost my money for the returned dresses. Not very ethical at all as it turns out.,1,2023-08-31 23:39:27+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,I bought a pair of pyjama bottoms on…,"I bought a pair of pyjama bottoms on the 26th of August which I cut of the price tags and tried to return them on the 29th of August as they had a rip in them after just three wares. I pointed out the fault to them and they said that they could not take them back as all the tags where off and they couldn't resell them anyway. As I have a learning disability I struggle to stick up to people so I did not know how to argue back, that this is a fault and that the rip was not a result of anything I had done. I will not be shopping in Primark again after this experience.",1,2023-08-29 20:01:50+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Going bust?,"No refund. No reply to emails. On the grapevine I’ve heard all the staff have been made redundant. Can’t be long for this world. Order at your peril - and make sure you use a credit card or PayPal. If you’re missing your refund, get on to your bank now.",1,2023-08-19 11:23:24+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,I hope you check on here before buying…,I hope you check on here before buying anything directly from people tree I bought 4 items and returned one dress still have not got my refund and you send emails and no one replies I going to report them and I hope everyone does too this is unacceptable,1,2023-08-16 15:07:50+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Purchased a pair of trousers did not…,Purchased a pair of trousers did not try on at shop. Turned out to be a bad fit. Whent back to exchange was turned away then found my receipt eventually and was turned away again for it being over 28 days! Frustrating I only wanted an exchange they have causes me so much stress awful when you spend hundreds and they fuss over £14 of an exchange!!!!!,1,2023-08-08 17:58:47+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,i do not recommend to buy there,i do not recommend to buy there. i had to sent some stuff back an never got my money in return.,1,2023-08-07 19:55:21+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,"Awful rude customer service, don’t buy from here if you ever need to make a return or need assistance","Awful customer service, unfortunately the dress I bought didn’t quite fit so I sent it back promptly the day after receiving it. After about 10 days I hadn’t heard anything on wether they had received my return or when a refund would be processed. I emailed about 3 or 4 times, tried to ring the phone lines that are now non existent due to ‘covid’ I also tried to message via social media about my return. I finally received a response via email explaining that they were having staffing issues but yet nothing explaining if they had received my return or when a refund would be processed after again sending 3 or 4 emails multiple days apart they finally said they had processed a refund. Suprise suprise refund still hasn’t arrived in my bank so I contacted yet again and they showed me proof of refund to someone who has a completely different first name to me but has the same surname for a wrong amount. After emailing back and saying they had the wrong person I got a strongly worded email saying it was my fault that the refund hasn’t been processed correctly as I threatened them to go to social media, I read back through my dozen emails to them to check and alas I hadn’t made any sort of threats whatsoever the only mention of social media was that ‘I tried to contact customer services via social media’ Not only has the process of getting a refund been lengthily and time consuming the communication and false accusations and allegations from customer service and they way they have spoken to me have been disgusting and upsetting.",1,2023-08-02 13:26:24+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Struggled in past what to chose from my…,"Struggled in past what to chose from my full basket. What happened to pull along baskets, carry can be heavy.  So I did not spend hundreds of £. Now neither myself or husband can't find anything we like.  Have u changed buyer????  Looking forward to cafe opening, it's GREGGS, millions of them was looking forward to primark cafe something different. Spotted 4 boys looking at clothes with pasties in hand, yuk. a t",1,2023-07-24 15:52:38+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,STAR,Jenna (manager)at the Market street Manchester branch is a star. She went above and beyond to find me a suit trousers in the required size.She definitely saved the day when all seemed lost.,5,2023-06-29 17:36:28+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Improve sizes in ur underware,Improve sizes in ur underware. Alot of young ladies are small in the back starting at 28 going up to ff g cup. You have nice young range but not everyone can ware them. I have a 13 and 15 year old neither can buy from you guys being 30 ff and 28 E,2,2023-06-16 23:54:25+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Fair-trade OG has still got it,"People Tree is my go-to for well made, well cut clothing made of organic materials. The quality of their stuff is excellent for the price, especially considering it is fair trade. The one time I had to return something they dealt with it without any hassle. Highly recommend them.",5,2023-05-30 00:07:51+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,if customer service matters to you this…,"if customer service matters to you this company replies to emails by a real human who is kind, considerate, and professional. customer service attitude really matters to me and it hasn't been one occasion they were very polite and helpful. they offer free returns which is also helpful. for the tops I have found the sizing generous, for bottoms i have found it regular. not everyone is always perfect but I think this is a good company to purchase and support. I hope this carries on.",5,2023-04-19 21:46:51+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Always great to shop from People Tree,Always great to shop from People Tree. Thanks a lot!,5,2023-04-14 23:04:47+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Nothing went wrong.I Wanted to buy…,"Nothing went wrong.I Wanted to buy summer wardrobe for 2 kids only to find out that they do not do click and collect at most of their branches in the north east so I am unable to purchase anything. They do not sell online so if you live in the sticks like me you go to H&M instead who do, do online shopping. I think click and collect should be available at all the stores not just in Cities. A Grimsby Mum",2,2023-04-13 10:59:25+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Management should be ashamed of themselves!,"I will be honest, but I will find it very difficult to be constructive, as I have just discovered that Primark's customer service is shocking.  They do not even understand the meaning of the term.  I am a 67 year old lady who lives alone and have no family.  Unfortunately I was rushed to hospital 3 weeks ago and taken into resus with heart problems, before being admitted for 2 weeks, This meant that I was unable to return some goods to Primark within the 28 day timeframe.  I have spent several hours calling not only Head Office but also 4 stores to ask if I could have a couple more days to return the goods, as I am not long out of hospital.  Nobody ever answers the phone, even at Head Office.  In fact you are cut off after it rings a few times.  Unlike Next and M & S and Roman, Primark does not ""have a heart"" and will not allow me to return £20 worth of goods a little late - even though I can provide proof.  How could I possibly return on time, when I have been ""blue lighted"" with sirens into hospital?  I have been told that you are unable to help.  Your staff could not even wish me all the best.  What sort of training do you give your staff?  I am mortified to learn that this is what you think of your customers.  I am seriously thinking of taking this to the papers.",1,2023-03-25 20:24:55+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Your employee a sales assistant at your…,"Your employee a sales assistant at your Wolverhampton branch. Her  name is  Selina. She is exceptional, a credit to your store. Whatever the day or time she is cheerful, pleasant and welcoming. Always a smile and  a quick chat. My daughter and myself have watched while we queue and she never changes whatever type of customer she is serving. I would be very grateful if Selina could be congratulated for her great attitude as previously stated she is a credit to Primark. WELL DONE SELINA",5,2023-03-23 15:46:28+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,"Fabulous service, beautiful clothes","Order arrived within 48 hours. I'm a size 14, dress and jeans true to size, love the ethics of this company. Highly recommend!",5,2023-02-28 20:36:18+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,eyelash glue,I bought eyelashes then as soon as I got home five minutes later I realised that they didn't come with glue so about ten minutes after I bought them I went back to the shop and asked to return them and I hadn't even opened them and they said no so I asked can you at least provide me with some eyelash glue and they said no so I didn't have a very good experience and think they should provide glue with all eyelash set I'm never buying eyelashes from primark again and I certainly don't recommend them at all hopefully you will reconsider putting eyelash glue with the eyelash sets not a separate thing for more then four pounds more  -Daisy Mendes,1,2023-01-08 18:11:57+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Non existent customer service,I had a very frustrating experience in the Bournemouth store and have now emailed the help us Primark email three times since 21st Dec with no reply. All this inconvenience over £10 but it’s the principle that matters. How can such a large retailer refuse to offer any alternatives if a receipt genuinely gets lost? I provided alternative proof of purchase. Baffling. I shall take to the phone now as email appears beyond this company!,1,2023-01-05 21:55:33+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,After speaking to the girl at desk…,"After speaking to the girl at desk about the item being a gift and being too small,  and not having a receipt she refused to exchange it. Said it was head office policy.  It is appalling,  so many people have very little these days and some may not have any other gift this year, which means if they can’t have an exchange they have nothing for Christmas!!! Well done Primark for NO Good Will to children this year!  You should be ashamed of yourselves. Don’t buy from Primark. Disgraceful service. Out to make even more money from the poorer people.",1,2022-12-30 23:06:11+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Website wants your email,Went on the website and keep getting blocked until you enter an email address to sign up to their pestering you with offers..... stop trying to sell to us. let us decide to buy.,1,2022-12-12 12:15:55+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Odd fits and poor refund process.,I really like the ethics and concept of this company: stylish clothes made by correctly paid workers. BUT their sizing for any kind of curve really doesn't work. It also takes a really long time to get a refund. I've gone through the process a couple of times now and it just doesn't work.,2,2022-11-24 10:33:24+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,What’s the point is having a store and…,What’s the point is having a store and not making the products available to buy online!,1,2022-11-23 11:52:08+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,They know my style what I like,"they know my style what I like, immediately I come in I found a beautiful outfit/accessory that calls my name Thanks Primark!!!",5,2022-11-16 20:56:52+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,I like the fact that all the clothes…,I like the fact that all the clothes here are eco friendly.the design and style are my taste too which is a bonus.prices are reasonable as well and i think i would buy from peopletree again.,5,2022-11-11 13:17:01+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Southend on Sea store,"Visited the Southend on Sea store which I have dome on several occasions and was looking for smart casual trousers,  there was none to be seen and a pleasant shop assistant says they no longer stock them.",1,2022-10-11 20:40:09+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Just get some AI's to serve customers,"Bought a pair of sneaker, a shirt, and a pants, all were on sale but showed original price in the cashier, staffs were very impatient about it and won't bother to check when after discounted, the amount was still inaccurate.. the staffs in the fitting room won't stop gossiping about other customers. Do they pay to work there? That's why the attitude? Won't even go there no more even if they give away their products for free.",1,2022-10-06 20:12:48+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,No confirmation of receipt no refund,"No confirmation of receipt, no refund within 3 weeks of receipt of return ( to dutch EU mainland returns center). No response via email. Such a shame! I Live the company and the products which I purchase and enjoy for macht years. Butter this is inacceptable",1,2022-09-29 10:14:17+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,"Poor Service, Awful In-store Experience - Why bother when there is better","I was told if I was to contact customer services that you would be able to help. This week I tried to return some items that I bought before my holidays and I was refused the return or exchange for items I had taken to the till due to them being slightly outside the 28 return date. I explained to the store attendant and then supervisor that I am 28 weeks pregnant and have been poorly and unable to return these items. The items I wanted to return total between £50- 60 which is a lot to lose with items that don't fit me and a few that didn't fit my children. As you are aware there is a bit of a culture with Primark that encourages us to spend freely with lower prices, however I am so disappointed that I have done that and been met with such a strict returns policy. As a bit of insight I would like to say I was 25 weeks pregnant when I bought these items, your changing rooms on the women's wear level were closed, the store was extremely hot, staff directed me to other changing rooms that were just as busy and then then I queued for about 30 minutes to make my purchase. Its really hard and a challenge to shop there when you are not pregnant never mind pregnant. At the very least I was only expecting to exchange - no more but I travelled all the way to Warrington to have a wasted journey and it just really upset me as other retailers (like New Look) didn't even ask they just did the returns without a query. I was even more disappointed that the human factor didn't exist to understand the challenges as a pregnant woman in your store has had and why I just bought items without trying on. With other retailers relaxing their returns policy, some going to unlimited! It’s clear that it encourages repeat purchases that are far more valuable. PRIMARK VALUE NO ONE just want you in and out of their stores and your money. Zero service. Get to a better shop, plenty that have better quality online and in stores like new look that deliver to your door and don’t have this issue. First store that I’ve ever known not to even exchange with a receipt even after the date! It was a day or two!",1,2022-09-21 00:27:26+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Primark Centre:MK POOR SERVICE,We recently visited the centre:MK primark and was very disappointed and disgusted at the attitude and laziness of the staff. Both myself and my husband visited the beauty section to have our eyebrows waxed. There was a lady in front of us asking for the same service… the member of staff on the reception couldn’t be less enthusiastic. She point blank said no to the lady I. Front of us.. and to myself and my husband… saying they were busy when the whole of the beauty section was completely empty. I am bringing this behaviour to your attention because your staff are turning away paying customers just to have an easy day. But are giving your company a very bad reputation for poor customer service,1,2022-09-20 00:31:25+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Beautiful clothes and eco-friendly,"Beautiful dresses, made sustainably from high quality fabric. The items arrived quicker than expected and all fit like a glove. Will purchase again",5,2022-08-20 14:52:58+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Great customer service,"I took my 9 year old niece to Penneys to shop with her birthday money and she collected a basket at the door and filled it and we went to the checkout to a very nice sales assistant who checked in my niece's purchases.  When we got home I found the receipt contained an item that we had not picked up, I figured it had been left at the bottom of the shopping basket/bag and we did not see it before we went shopping, it was something my niece had no use for, and was too young to use it.  I sent a photo of the item along with a copy of the receipt to Customer Services Primark and they promptly replied and subsequently sent a e-gift card for twice the price of the item.  Thank you Primark.",5,2022-08-11 11:50:04+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Buyers beware,"Went to return a couple of items. The first were socks that had rubber around the rim of the sock to help them stay up and the second was a shirt. The socks had caused a dermatitis where the rubber had contact with my skin and the shirt had a pen mark on it that I hadn’t noticed on purchase. The customer services assistant Karam called her manager. The manager, Samya, told me that the socks couldn’t have caused me dermatitis as no other customers had complained. With regards to the pen mark, she told me that items are meticulously checked on the shop floor and an item would never be sold with a pen mark on it. I had to argue with her before she issued the returns but her attitude remained poor and argumentative.",1,2022-08-05 20:11:28+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,"Non-colourfast dyes; they run, they stain!","Decent stores, nice staff (where I've visted). The clothes are unsurprisingly very bad and not for the reason you might first expect. The problem is the dyes. The stitching of clothes is usually great and the materials are fairly good, but none of the garments have good quality fast dyes. End result? After a few washes your garment fades, or worse; if it is black, navy or dark grey it will end up with brownish red stains where the red dye has run and the others haven't. This actually makes Primark terrible value for money as you'd need to replace every garment that does this far more often than if you'd paid double the price elsewhere. Think, one pair of shorts from Primark lasting a month or two versus a well made pair with good dyes lasting one or two years, perhaps longer. I won't shop here again. I don't shop here exclusively, but this is one of the few stores I keep having to buy replacements for. Matalan was the same. Cheap dyes ruin otherwise good clothing. Bad value. Bad quality non-colourfast dyes. There really is no point stepping foot in this shop. Note: all washed per the label unstructions (40°C) & washed with similar colours, inside out.",2,2022-07-04 19:31:26+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Service was great and staff were very…,Service was great and staff were very helpful and nice. Thank you,5,2022-05-14 15:44:20+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Beautiful handmade,"Beautiful handmade, organic and ethical clothing.  Have shopped with people tree for over 10 years because their clothes are an investment and last a long time.  It feels good too knowing I am investing in the people who made them and their traditional production methods that are environmentally friendly and worth every penny.  Such a wonderful company and ethos.",5,2022-05-08 22:10:21+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Great service,"Great service, friendly staff, good price. Recommended",5,2022-04-18 04:54:11+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,women's underwear…,"Recently bought some women's underwear from them and another vendor as looking for sustainable options, unfortunately the people tree pants were an odd cut - slightly tight in some places, uncomfortable to wear with not very soft fabric and i would return except for no returns policy on underwear - so £30 down the drain. The other vendor's (Boody) pants were by contrast soft fabric, very comfortable fit and also sustainable.",2,2022-04-08 15:41:32+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Good quality products,"Good quality products, price was really great. Recommended",5,2022-03-29 07:39:08+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Outdated Returns process,"I wish I could give it less than one star …. I have kids and shop at Primark frequently - yesterday I tried to exchange a pair of shorts (all labels and tags still on) my daughter had bought the week before for a larger size …didn’t have the receipt - but had the payment on my card which I tried to show the cashier ….she agreed she could see it was a straight exchange but would need her supervisor - I could see the supervisor approaching and even before she heard what I needed - she was clear - no receipt - no refund ! I was very kind and calm and replied that that was ok - I didn’t want a refund, I wanted a simple exchange - to which she responded - No - no receipt - no exchange, then walked off. The cashier was so embarrassed - especially as I had a full basket with £140 quids worth of clothes in ! I told her to keep the shorts and donate them - but she had to refuse as it was against policy ! The whole thing was outrageous and old fashioned - most shops work on barcodes now - not paper receipts … Primark needs to adapt and evolve and put some effort into training their staff to be more professional, empathic and kind !!",1,2022-03-26 10:33:16+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Appalling customer service,"Appalling customer service. There is no telephone help whatsoever at the Harrogate store, or indeed the Head Office. I have tried no less than 9 times to make contact, over the past week, the line rings out for a short period of time, and then the line clears down, BEFORE anyone speaks to the customer. Resorting to e-mail is hardly any better because I have had around 3 responses to my e-mail from the same advisor,   who doesn't seem to be able to understand what I am trying to ask!  Auto- pilot responses are no good! All I wanted was to request an extension of a few days extra( to the date on my receipt) to return an item which didn't fit.I have to drive almost 30 miles to the nearest Primark store, and it would have helped me over an emergency.   I have spent a lot of money at Primark over the years, and am disgusted that they simply couldn't care less about the customer's problems, and are unwilling to put themselves out in order to give any support I won't be shopping there again. .",1,2022-02-21 14:47:55+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Good place and good products,"Good place and good products, price was good . Highly recommended",5,2022-01-31 08:45:19+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Terrible refund policy,"I shop in Primark a lot and generally the quality of the clothes is good and better priced than other high street retailers, although the sizing of their clothes is all over the place often meaning I have to go up two sizes in jeans - that’s fine I expect it now, but their refund policy is shocking. I bought some jeans that didn’t fit and a bodysuit that was too short even though it was the right size on the label, I’ve searched everywhere for the receipt and can’t find it. Their refund policy is that you have to have the *original till receipt* not *proof of purchase* as you do with other retailers. Sometimes people lose their receipts, life happens! Luckily the value of my items I wanted to return was only £16 but if I were a person in financial hardship like so many people are these days, this would be a lot of money to suck up! I tried to ask if they would send me a receipt or if I called the store with my transaction info would they reprint it - I got repetitive answers basically stating their refund policy which I could find on the back of my till receipt…which is lost. I’m going to have to start trying clothes in the changing rooms each time from now on as I don’t want to risk losing my receipt god forbid.",2,2022-01-28 09:27:57+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Always excellent,"I’m sad to see so many negative reviews. I’ve been shopping with People Tree since they started, and have never had a bad experience, both with garment quality and customer service. Their sizing is sometimes quite generous, but I generally order two sizes and send one back. Returns are free and refunds generally prompt. My latest item (a shirt dress) is lovely quality and arrived next day.",5,2022-01-27 17:31:36+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Good but little problem,"It’s good. Even tho some clothes don’t fit me, The Only Problem is…Since there are cash registers in every floor people can lie that they paid in a different floor and leave without get caught…but the clothes are good!",4,2021-12-25 16:29:58+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Beautiful clothes but quite fragile,"Beautiful clothes but quite fragile. Avoid 30° C in the washing machine, handwash is safer.",3,2021-12-19 19:07:47+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Royal Mail lost parcel,"I ordered £65 worth of items and Royal Mail initially lost my order. My order on their website showed that it was delivered when it never was. Despite raising this with People Tree, and constant back and forth with them, I received no help and no idea what would happen to the £65 I had spent on their website. My husband chased with Royal Mail who admitted that they had mislocated the parcel and were understaffed and finally delivered it to us on the 11th Nov, a delay of almost 2 weeks. The customer service from People among the worst I've ever experienced. When in other stores (and I regularly shop at & other stories) when a parcel is lost, I'm refunded. I finally managed to get my parcel but this will be my first and last order from People Tree as their customer service have no interest in your custom once you've paid and if your parcel if lost will insinuate you're a thief whose trying to steal from them.",2,2021-12-13 09:16:19+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Brexit is not a excuse for bad customer service,Customer service has many issues to be improved.,1,2021-12-01 16:31:05+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Sadly no items arrived in 6 weeks so far.,"Sadly, it's been now more than a month since order and still nothing. Customer service replied once that due to Brexit it takes more time to ship to EU. But after three more weeks no more replies on any of my e-mails.",1,2021-11-29 08:41:59+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,So happy with my black top,"I bought the black ribbed long sleeved organic cotton top. I'm so pleased with it - it's a substantial fabric, beautifully shaped, and I have hardly taken it off since it arrived.",5,2021-11-14 13:53:21+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Excellent products,"Excellent products, good quality, I have seen articles dissing them where they bought a £2 t-shirt from Primark and compared it to a £6 t-shirt from another store, the reporter from Kent never even had the brains to buy a product of the same value.... The clothes last pretty well, their jeans out lasted my Replay jeans so I would say that's pretty good considering they were a fraction of the cost. I would definitely recommend shopping here. I am male incase anyone was wondering.",5,2021-11-13 14:30:07+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Pleasantly surprised that Primark are…,Pleasantly surprised that Primark are now climate aware and have converted to paper labels rather than plastic. Many years since I have visited Primark.,3,2021-11-10 21:54:30+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,i think Primark is a grate place to go…,"i think Primark is a grate place to go shopping its amazing serves, clothes, jewellery, makeup, shoes and hair stuff its amazing its one of my favourite shops to go to its famous all around the world and if i could go there everyday i would.",5,2021-11-01 19:50:49+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Appalling customer service refused…,Appalling customer service refused exchange when bank receipt was shown including time of purchase and accurate date.  To me this is stealing and tbh is probably why it is doing so well in competition with others if you like the reputation of a thief !,1,2021-11-01 19:11:23+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Absolutely awful customer service,Absolutely awful customer service. My goods had more stitching hanging off than holding the item together and customer service really couldn't care less. I know there supposed to be cheap but I'd expect to at least be able the wear the item once.,1,2021-10-18 17:55:07+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Great price and good quality,Great price and good quality. Highly recommended,5,2021-10-01 07:03:00+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Amazing just age weight is TERRIBLE!,"I love primates amazing,cheap,beautiful quality and even knowing the ages on clothes! That is until looking at the weight...",4,2021-09-23 15:04:28+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,There bags,The clothing is amazing material everything about but when it comes to bagging their bags are reliable they rip if to much added I know their doin recycling but I think it’s better if they used plastic recycled bags bc papers ones can’t hold as much n trying to shop around n it rips is a no go !!,3,2021-09-19 23:09:44+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Very inconsistent sizing,"Very inconsistent sizing. I am a size 8 for all other brands and have no problem so far. but when I ordered 2 pairs of trousers from Peopletree in size 8, one of them is too big and long to the point that the bottom part would touch the floor even when I'm in heels; while the other is too tight to the point I couldn't put it on. Moreover, there's no size chart on the website for the second pair so there's no way I could have known.",2,2021-08-31 10:55:54+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,I am such a big fan of the brand and…,"I am such a big fan of the brand and love their pjama sets. I managed to get one of the last Pink ""ZZZ"" sets and cant be happier!",5,2021-08-15 06:00:05+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Good quality products,"Good quality products, delivery was great. I would recommend them to everyone",5,2021-08-11 15:50:17+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Good place,"Good place , price is reasonable and good service. Thank you",5,2021-07-26 16:42:52+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,I miss the deline to exchange or return…,"I miss the deline to exchange or return due to illness and they said no. All I wanted to do was exchange the pants for size. How hard could that be?? I was told they were out of the system, but the jeans were still on the sales floor. Will not go there again!!!",1,2021-06-30 16:52:10+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,What can I say more clothes on the…,What can I say more clothes on the floor wrong hangers wrong place not the staff fault very cheap prices but you pay for what you get 3 washes later they look terrible,3,2021-06-26 21:34:08+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Products are good quality and price is…,Products are good quality and price is reasonable.i would recommend,5,2021-06-03 17:45:21+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,"Cheap, but low quality",Rude employees probably underpaid. Cheap clothes but their tear really quickly. Wouldn't advise.,2,2021-05-24 11:27:06+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Wrong item sent twice,"Dear People Tree, I was very excited to shop with you for all the worthy reasons that people do. The reviews on Trust Pilot were excellent, so I had no hesitation in sending in my first order. When the order finally arrived, it had the wrong item in it. I had ordered a black polka dot dress and received a blue and black striped dress instead. When I asked for the item I had ordered, I was told that unfortunately, it was now out of stock and that if I sent the item back I would get a refund. I had to return it to the nearest Post Office which is a mile away and stand in a long queue. Much as expected in these circumstances. Two weeks later, no refund had arrived and no communication. When I queried this, I was told that a replacement order had been sent out to me, which I was really pleased about. Imagine my surprise then, to find that the item sent out to me was the wrong one again. In fact, exactly the same wrong one I had sent back. I now have to go through this ridiculous process again. What is going on People Tree? I know there's a pandemic, but this feels beyond careless. What a pity. I won't be shopping with you again.",1,2021-05-17 11:19:14+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,This disgusting shop is disgraceful,"This disgusting shop is disgraceful I hate Primark with all my soul. I despise it. It is the worst place ever! Never go to Primark trust me! This revolting shop is full of reckless wild teenagers who kept yelling at me which was utterly rude. These female teenagers were a strange sort of orange colour, maybe they had a skin condition. The worst thing about this place was the manky sludge all over the floor! I think someone had an accident! Someone had done a big poo poo on the floor! In the middle of the shop! And no one could be bothered to clean it up! I told a group of the workers “You should all be doing your job and clean up the mess in your shop as someone has poo pooed all over the floor and it is your responsibility to clean that up and get rid of it so you don’t lose customers although I am surprised you have any customers with this attitude and this stupid shop” They then all gave me a dirty look and walked away. THEN THEY HAD THE AUDACITY TO KICK ME OUT OF THE SHOP! ME!! ALL I DID WAS TELL PEOPLE HOW TO DO THEIR JOB WHICH THEY SHOULD ALREADY KNOW HOW THEY SHOULDVE BEEN THE ONES KICKED OUT AND NOT ME!!😡😡😡 I bet this shop has LOL! Which means lots of lice. NEVER EVER EVER EVER IN YOUR WHOLE LIFE EVER GO TO PRIMARK. IT IS LIKE LIVING HELL!",1,2021-05-13 22:38:07+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,My favourite company,"My favourite company! Have been buying from People Tree regularly for at least 12 years. Love the ethos, the fact that they have remained true to their good ethics and morals as they have grown over the years. Very transparent, ethical company. Great clothes, fair trade and organic and friendly staff. Love, love, love People Tree! Customer for life.",5,2021-05-09 23:22:09+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Coventry primark very bad customer service,I wouldn’t recommend Coventry primark very bad customer service and poor quality and attitude,1,2021-05-06 19:42:01+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,They have no small sizes and favourtism…,They have no small sizes and favourtism fat people and i wouldn’t recommended going.,1,2021-05-03 10:24:44+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,"Outstanding clothing for people with Autistm, sensory and/or allergy sensitivities","I have received two orders over the past 2 months from People Tree. The garments are wonderful! I have Asperger's and people on the spectrum can have great difficulty with clothing because of our sensory sensitivities. Anything from clothing tags, seams, fabric texture, fit, reactions to synthetic materials can all create a high level of discomfort akin to having severe dry itchy skin or a sunburn (strange, I know). People Tree is the first company where I can wear anything and nothing hurts. The garments I've purchased are organic cotton (regular, brushed, and flannel) and Tencel. I look forward to trying their Linen garments as I'm a big fan of flax as an eco-friendly crop. I originally wanted to buy from PT because they stand for ethical slow fashion, human rights, and environmental protection. They care.  But being able to wear clothing that doesn't hurt me is an incredible experience. Thank-you PT for (unintentionally?!) making Autistic friendly garments. On to the shipping experience (amid a pandemic): The first order saw some complications regarding delayed shipping and unanswered emails which led to a lot of frustration and irate emails on my end however it got resolved and as a gesture of goodwill, PT refunded the shipping fee (shipping outside UK).  The second order saw an older item (reiko trousers) out of stock in my size and the shipment didn't go out 'right away' because the CSR wanted to make absolute certain that the trousers were, in fact, out of stock. I appreciated that. It was confirmed they were out of stock and a refund was processed same day.  Highly recommend PT.  They have some hiccups, for sure, but they're human beings open to constructive feedback and, well, Rome wasn't built in a day.",5,2021-04-12 11:18:32+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Potentially one of the best shop for young families,"Everybody working in Primark is super polite and helpful, now stores are not as before covid, but when everything will go back to normality I will for sure purchase more candles, sportwear and loungewear. But how can such a big, family oriented and well known company has such a toxic smelly poor quality shoes and bag sections?With all the cheap and good quality European factories willing to partner with Primark they choose the worst Asian quality possible???Their quality managers should start considering reducing transcontinental import creating useless tons of pollution .",2,2021-03-07 14:24:42+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,A pleasant experience. Thank you.,People tree always has very comfortable and ethical clothing and are mindful of how the process of production impacts our earth our home. Recently I asked about getting a refund on an item that did not fit me and they were very patient with me and everything was explained well about what I can do. I appreciate the whole process of how all the items are made so consciously and the amazing work being done in other countries.,5,2021-02-14 04:31:28+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Extremely helpful and kind staff,"Extremely helpful and kind staff, they are so  positive and caring. Excellent value for money and good choices. I love you primark!",5,2021-02-04 11:37:32+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Quick to respond to emails and to refund returns,"I ordered a pair of trousers from People Tree that were the wrong size and which I ended up having to return. I had a discount code for my first purchase and as People Tree don't do exchanges I had to pay full price for my new order. However, I contacted People Tree about this and they quickly replied and refunded me the difference. When my orders arrived I found the trousers to be wrapped in plastic which was a little disappointing as one of the main reasons that I chose People Tree is because of their environmental and fairtrade ethos. However, when I queried this I was assured that the plastic is indeed recyclable. I suggest that People Tree make this clearer as no doubt this question has, and will continue to be raised many times and without symbols on the bags, how are we to know? When I read the reviews of this company on Trust Pilot after making my orders I was a little worried as it seems like a lot of people have had problems with returns making it back into their bank accounts. However, my return was quick, as was the communication and my trousers are excellent quality that are clearly made to last. I will definitely reorder from People Tree.",4,2021-02-01 17:09:39+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,"PeopleTree - great designs, great mission, great customer service","I love PeopleTree. I try to shop with only ethical and sustainable clothing companies, and they have such a great mission and I really like their range of clothing so they're perfect. All orders are sent in sturdy paper bags (although clothes are supplied in plastic bags within this, which is a shame). Their refund process is as robust as any other company and customer service is excellent. My one minor gripe is lack of alternative sizing - I need a longer leg length in trousers which they don't currently do - but I've been in touch with them and they said they're considering this in future.",5,2021-01-06 11:33:26+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Love the Heather slim fit jeans…,"I bought the heather slim fit jeans size 12, which arrived within 2 days. These are like magic jeans for me! I absolutely love the fit, quality and dark denim colour. I (almost) haven’t taken them off since they arrived. Well done to the design and sourcing teams and the workers at Sarp Jeans. I’ll definitely be back for another pair.",5,2020-12-08 17:01:34+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Good Experience,"I read the reviews and was a little anxious, as I had already ordered. But there was no trouble! It arrived quickly, the jumpsuit I ordered was beautifully made, and customer service responded to me immediately when I thought I had an issue. I just didnt get an email with the tracking number - that's why I emailed them. But overall I am satisfied!",4,2020-11-15 15:10:29+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Great customer service and high quality…,Great customer service and high quality clothes!,5,2020-10-28 13:45:53+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,i absolutely love primark whenever i go…,"i absolutely love primark whenever i go i can find what im looking for. the staff there are really nice to. however i feel as if primark should start doing pjamas and hoodies that teenagers would definitley buy such as vampire diaries, the originals and more tv shows.",4,2020-09-26 10:37:58+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,It’s ok but can do better,So when I go to primark I like to get pajamas but I really like getting the Disney pajamas because they have great designs but they do be pricey. Primark if you are reading this hi I want to give you some ideas for pajamas you should do some vampire diaries pajamas because I would definitely buy them thank youuuuuu,4,2020-09-02 11:56:44+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,So kind!,After a few issues along the way the staff are so kind and have been wonderful at fixing everything. Thank you people tree,5,2020-08-17 20:28:25+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Great clothes and protecting their employees,"Recently bought a People Tree cotton jumpsuit at a shop selling range of ethical clothes and loved it, so when I needed underwear and smart casual tops I had a look online at people tree. I'm trying to avoid buying fast fashion, to protect both workers and environment. Most fit well and looked great and I'm really happy with them. Some didn't fit or didn't like style, but all great quality, so returned part of order. There was a delay in the return being processed, which was completely understandable due to covid, but then very simple process and an apology for the delay received. If anything, I appreciate the delay as it suggests that the warehouse is maintaining social distancing and they are protecting their employees. Thank you, People Tree",5,2020-07-26 15:17:32+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,I purchased a tunic from People Tree…,I purchased a tunic from People Tree 5years ago and it is still in fantastic condition! I wear it regularly and have done throughout the 5 years. The colour is just as vibrant as it was when I got it (teal) and the shape and fit are exactly the same. The organic cotton fabric is soft and feel great. I hope to get another 5 years at least out of it. Thank you People Tree,5,2020-07-18 12:07:43+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Disappointed,I posted my return on 1st June and I heard nothing so I emailed People Tree on 2nd July and have still had no response from them. I am disappointed that no one has bothered to reply to let me know what is happening with my refund.,1,2020-07-08 20:10:33+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,I'm hooked,"Shipping was fast and the quality of the clothes is excellent! I would never have paid 65 pounds for a demin skirt but after trying it on and seeing how good it looks with all my other clothes I'm hooked! Will definitely be buying from them again! Items I received are so well made and look so good, I'm sure I will be able to enjoy them for many years to come",5,2020-07-03 12:55:38+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Super awesome but don’t deliver,Love primark so much! The only MASSIVE downside is that they don’t deliver and since I don’t live in a city with a primark I’ve always got to travel to go shopping there so can’t shop as often as I’d like to! The range of clothes is awesome and they always have something to suit my style whenever I shop there.,4,2020-05-20 14:01:36+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Excellent customer service,"The whole ordering process was super simple and I received my items much quicker than expected! Unfortunately, there is no exchange option, which means if you need to order another size, you have to put in a new order entirely. However, customer service has been excellent and super fast to reimburse me the discount from my original order for the new order!",4,2020-05-14 11:19:50+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,"Love the products, great experience","Great experience, I ordered from mainland europe and was expecting a much longer wait time due to COVID-19, however my parcel arrived in just over a week! This was a great surprise, as I've had horrible experiences with other companies. Also, I love the products and will be ordering more soon. I really enjoy what the brand stands for, and intend to become a long-term customer. Very happy I decided to give ordering a shot and will definitely be returning:)",5,2020-05-12 17:31:16+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,I ordered two dresses from People Tree,"I ordered two dresses from People Tree, I don't often do online shopping but I wanted to try and support this supplier due its ethical background. I was worried about how my order was progressing and emailed the company and received a prompt and polite reply. A few days after, my dresses arrived, I was so impressed at the quality of them, the fabric is amazing! I am really glad I ordered these and look forward to wearing them at some point soon. The size was a little on the generous side but I personally prefer that. Thank you for the service, I would be happy to place an order in the future.",5,2020-04-26 20:08:07+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Always a nice shopping,"I have been visiting shops in Belgium, Italy, and UK and I am always happy with what I buy from them. They have so many choices and I love the whole Disney line. I have been decoring my bedroom and studio with their home decor dep. when I relocated back from Mexico in November and I will keep on buying from Primark.",5,2020-03-16 16:25:02+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,I bought a dress for my wife that she…,"I bought a dress for my wife that she loved, thank you people tree for helping with updates on this order as it was my first time shopping here. I spoke to a really great customer assistant who helped me place the order, good for new online shoppers.",5,2020-02-13 20:47:38+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,I love my new dressing gown,"I love my new dressing gown, which is so soft - I always choose organic cotton as I know this is the best choice for my skin and the environment.  I don't buy a lot of clothes but when I do People Tree is always my go-to brand. I also ordered some twill navy trousers but unfortunately they were a bit too tight on the waist - less biscuits for me!  I was really disappointed as I loved them.  I returned them and was promptly refunded.",5,2020-02-13 10:38:39+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,I always find the clothes I order are…great customer service,I always find the clothes I order are excellent quality though it would be useful to have reviews on their website and clearer pictures at time describing if for example there are pockets etc I was recently charged postage but on telephoning it was immediately refunded. The customer services lady was great,5,2019-11-27 13:51:36+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Excellent costumer service and grear…,Excellent costumer service and grear clothing!,5,2019-11-18 17:32:51+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,I'd got Chandre Trousers once in 2018…,"I'd got Chandre Trousers once in 2018 and loved them so much that I ordered year later another pair (and tons of t-shirts) but in a smaller size :) The quality is superb plus considering that I never wash my clothes exactly like they are supposed to be washed and I never flat-dry them, they still look veeery good and keep the shape! Also, I enjoy the dress from the sale which is my favorite, hassle-free outfit. Thank you for making such great, sustainable clothes. I am allergic to almost every single piece of clothes from regular shops and thanks to you, I can now travel, work and enjoy life comfortably, especially in sunny countries where air circulation of the fabric is very important :) I never supposed that the organic cotton and tencel can make such a difference! I feel lucky I found you. All the best to all People Tree team!",5,2019-10-20 15:22:07+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,my first time at the store and my last…,my first time at the store and my last at the freehold mall nj  worst check out and return line ever waited 15 minutes lots of people on line two people at cashier and this was at 1030 am not a holiday either,1,2019-09-19 20:57:12+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Efficiency at its best!,"Peopletree have always been very efficient and will remedy a problem as soon as possible, even when reimbursement of money is involved.",5,2019-09-06 08:57:35+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Very good service.I Received order…,Very good service.I Received order quickly and was very pleased with what I ordered.,5,2019-09-05 23:55:57+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Great company with wonderful products…,Great company with wonderful products and excellent customer experience.,5,2019-08-29 17:41:45+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Excellent customer service Anna was…Caroline McConnachie,Excellent customer service Anna was really great and helpful,5,2019-07-01 13:02:00+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Gemma was amazing,"Gemma was amazing, follow my during 2 days untill she solve my problem. Amazing",5,2019-06-19 16:41:20+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,My review is about return policy,"My review is about return policy. There are few, if any, stores in NY that only have a 28 day return policy. At the very least the return window is 30 days. Being used to that policy, I went to Primark to return something at the 30 day mark....two days late. The cashier told me she could not help me; that the policy is a strict 28 days. I could not get my money back for the items that fit no one, nor could I even exchange them for some other merchandise. After I returned home, I called the store manager and spoke to the one on duty at that time. She said they do make exceptions for a day or two, so she told me I could come back the same day and she would help me. I am a senior citizen, had just recently gotten home from the store and really did not feel able to go out again. I told her I could come back in the morning, but she said she would only allow the refund til end of day. So even though I am tired out, I have to get myself back to the store; spend more money to get there and more time. Their return policy is narrower than any other and I will not be shopping for anyone in that store again.",2,2019-06-06 21:11:36+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Low quality clothes..,"Only upside to primark is being cheap, but apart from that, the clothes are poor quality and the stores are always packed to the brim.",2,2019-05-01 11:52:21+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Beautiful ethical clothes,"Beautiful ethical clothes. Thrilled with the Marietta trousers I bought, great cut and design. Excellent quality and delivered swiftly in environmentally friendly packaging too. Perfect on every front. Excellent customer service too, when I had a query it was dealt with immediately. I highly recommend this company.",5,2019-02-18 11:49:33+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,I have loved all my People Tree…,"I have loved all my People Tree purchases (various cotton short and long-sleeved tops and my favourite V&A dress, which has received lots of compliments every time I wear it! I like to buy from companies who are ethical and really care about the people who make their clothes, so People Tree is one of my favourites,  Plus they always have plenty of navy which is my go-to base colour.",5,2019-02-18 11:34:52+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Very good,"Very good, I love their products overall! Great quality fabric, quick and free delivery, good customer service. The only thing is that the sizes/fit are not always consistent but since the returns are free then there's no risk ordering. I love buying new pieces every season!",4,2019-02-11 09:07:48+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Poor quality Fisherman's Sweater,"I have always been quite pleased with my previous purchases from People Tree however I was very disappointed with my latest purchase, a Fishermans Jumper in Raspberry. When it first arrived I thought it looked pretty good but even after just the first wear I noticed that pilling was beginning already. Three weeks and about 5 wears later the whole jumper is baggy, misshapen and the pilling is excessive to say the least. I have dozens of pieces of knitwear, including many that were priced at a point below this jumper, and not one of them is pilling as badly as this one. When I contacted People Tree they gave me a standard patronising lecture about pilling being a natural phenomenon and that I could reshape it by washing etc. etc. and that was it. People Tree, I know exactly what piling is and what causes but on a £129 jumper (sale price!) I would have expected something much much better. It isn't even one month old! I certainly won't be buying from you again.",2,2019-01-25 15:52:36+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Valentina bouquet top,"Quick delivery, environmental packaging.  Lovely blouse, nice design and fabric. Another great piece from People tree",5,2019-01-17 17:21:11+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,I love people tree clothing but there's too much plastic packaging,"I love people tree clothing they are so comfy with great prints. The sizing can be a bit tricky to get right, I wish they did a petit range for shorties like me. It's also a shame about all the plastic packaging!",4,2019-01-16 23:18:30+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Great service and excellent products,Great service and excellent products. I buy the majority of my clothes from here and had no problems with the quality of clothes or service. Highly recommend.,5,2019-01-16 20:30:53+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Generally Happy with Service and Product,"I buy around 80% of my clothes from PeopleTree and have done for some years now as they are the most ethical retailer I can find with fashionable clothes. For the most part I am happy with the customer service and products, I have some items that I love. I have sent them queries more than once though not related to specific purchases and got no reply which i think is very poor. Not sure if they just didn't have the information or were not happy to answer the question. I would have expected at least a response saying they did not have any information or had not any response at this time. Anything would have been polite. Since I am buying from them based on the company ethos I think it is reasonable to ask questions about it.",4,2019-01-16 20:08:50+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Ordered some items and I returned them…,"Ordered some items and I returned them as they were too big.  I loved two of the items so I reordered them in a size smaller.  Everything arrived on time etc however after I had taken the tag off one of the dresses I realised that they had not sent me the size I had ordered but a size even smaller.  It does fit which is why I took off the tag but they still made this error and I think I would have preferred the size up. Unfortunately the parcel I initially returned appears to have gone astray with People Tree (as Royal Mail has confirmed delivery) and I have not yet been refunded.  However, I hope this will be resolved soon.",3,2019-01-16 16:05:14+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Love People Tree!,"Just received 2 pairs of trousers from PT, they are a perfect fit and beautiful fabric. Arrived with the post man so no extra van on the road. Excellent, Thankyou. Sophie",5,2019-01-16 12:39:41+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Wonderful dress,Wonderful dress and a very fast shipping ! Thanks a lot ! :-)),5,2019-01-16 11:56:04+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,I love People Tree,"I love People Tree, they are the most beautiful clothes at good prices, especially given that most of the clothes are handmade. After wearing PT clothes I found high street clothes feel cheap and nasty - scratchy synthetic fabrics, probably made in factories in not great conditions, and if an item is ridiculously cheap, you know someone else is paying the price. PT excel on prints, embroidery, woven fabrics, the hand-knitted jumpers. I've been buying PT for years, and the first items I bought way back when are still going strong. This is gorgeous fashion without pain for others and destruction of the environment. Thank you!",5,2019-01-16 10:30:10+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Very nice clothes for the amount they…,Very nice clothes for the amount they cost awsome for gifts!,4,2019-01-16 00:25:05+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Love the ethos of the brand,"Love the ethos of the brand. I've ordered a few things in the past that didn't fit well and had to send back, sadly. Hope they improve fit in future because the fabrics and designs are great.",5,2019-01-14 18:06:39+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Poor customer service lets down great ethos and design,"I ordered an item (as a present for Christmas) and the money was taken from my credit card. However, I received an email informing me that they had a stock error and couldn't send the item to me. I was refunded my money and I appreciate that. Other than a sorry I received nothing though. I expressed my disappointment and asked if they knew if a stockist still had the item. I was given a link to a list of stockist. The list is not hyperlinked so I found myself googling every single company to search for the item on their website, which took forever. Unfortunately, there is no indication of companies that have an online shop so I had to figure out myself if the company sold anything on their website. A tedious process and I eventually realised that the list was not complete and that this took far too long. I gave up at that point without the present I hoped for. Next, I got in touch with peopletree and kindly asked if they could keep an eye out for the item in case of a return after Christmas but I was informed that they don't offer that service. Again, disappointing. Overall, I'm a bit shocked by this poor customer service and I think it doesn't go with the company's image nor with the price range they work in. Bearing in mind that I didn't receive the item in the first place was due to an error on their behalf, I can't think of another retailer that let me down like that. Call me old fashioned but I am rather disappointed by their customer service which is a shame as I love(d) their approach and designs.",2,2018-12-31 11:12:52+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,"Please, make a smaller size!","Great company, love the quality and many of the styles they do. Customer service has also been great for me! I have made a mistake in my order, let them know and they have changed it almost immediately. One thing I really wish they did is to make and offer a size smaller than 8, especially for bottoms and dresses. I am a size 6 and cannot wear their skirts without alterations, and dresses don't fit around the waist.",4,2018-12-03 12:22:01+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,I love this ethical brand company,"I love this ethical brand company. I have a few shirt dresses, a beautiful long dress and a pair of trousers by People Tree. They care about every detail, from the beginning to the end of the design and making stage.",5,2018-11-21 09:59:03+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Low quality clothes,"Primark is only cheap because their clothes are also low quality. It's good for cheap emergency buys but apart from that, just stick to actual brands..",2,2018-11-21 02:08:23+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,Low quality to match the low price...,Stay away from Primark unless you want to waste your money...the clothes are so low quality that they will rip instantly after a bit of use. Buy some quality clothes somewhere else...,2,2018-11-19 14:39:15+00:00,Trustpilot
Primark,Fast Fashion,"Low price, low quality","The price:quality ratio at Primark is exactly 1:1, you buy low quality clothes for cheap. Should really work on improving the quality and slightly increasing prices...",3,2018-11-12 12:19:49+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Great ethical company,"Great ethical company. I love the tags supplied with most of the items, telling of the items origins and artisan makers. The textiles (especially the handwoven) are of wonderful quality - soft and free of the typical ""chemical"" notes you might experience in clothes from the high street. Never had any issues with deliveries being late or going missing. Once, however, my partner received a shirt with a button that seemed to have been crushed in transit, but Customer Service was very helpful in resolving the issue. Back in the days when the site offered male clothing, my partner bought most of his clothes from peopletree. He's really missing the soft peopletree shirts. Hopefully, they'll be made available again someday.",5,2018-11-07 16:40:35+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Refund delay,"Good products with prompt despatch but have now waited nearly 3 weeks for a refund despite proof the item has been received. Telephone customer service line has very limited hours and there is no response to my email. Would advise not to order from them until they improve the process, or you are sure you will not need to return an item.",2,2018-10-16 17:34:11+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Stock issues,"Like their clothes and their ethics but they have stock issues. Small and 8-10 are regularly sold out. I managed to find a cardigan I liked available in small, ordered it along with a few other pieces. The other pieces arrived but I was emailed to be told the cardigan was out of stock when my other things had already been delivered.",3,2018-09-20 10:27:32+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,No customer service at all,"I ordered the first time from People Tree. 3 Pieces worth about 180€. The clothes are made and designed really well! But unfortunately they did not fit properly, so I did send them back (from Germany with shipping costs about 18€!). I'm still waiting for my refund...I wrote People Tree 4 e-mails - the first 2 did not get through, because apparently their e-mail-mailbox was full (seriously?!)! So I made a screenshot and wrote them via Instagram - didn't get a response either. They did not even read it for days! Seems like they made some space in their mailbox now, because my last two mails got through. But I'm still waiting for a response and my refund! The company seems not to care about customer service at all? The person rating in January seemed to have the same problems!",1,2018-07-29 11:52:44+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,problems with delivery,the second time I've ordered something and the second time there's been a problem with delivery. I ordered items on special delivery but they were not dispatched until the day after they were supposed to be received. Not acceptable!,3,2018-07-04 15:46:27+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Would buy more often if there was more black,"I’ve bought several items over the years and even supported a crowdfunder. Like the ethics. Clothes are of good quality and last. Just wish there was more choice for those of us that live in black (maybe stretch to grey or other dark, rich colours).",5,2018-06-10 17:21:16+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,"Great clothes, great ethics",Love the values of People Tree and the clothes are always such high quality. I know when I buy clothes from here I am buying them with a clear conscience.,5,2018-04-06 13:01:13+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,"Beautiful, ethically sound, high quality - the best!","Not only are the designs beautiful, every piece of People Tree clothing I own has lasted - years! The cotton is exceptional in quality and washes really well. All of this and an ethically sound ethos make PT my go-to. The attention to detail is wonderful and even their packaging is delightful. The best!",5,2018-04-06 08:17:29+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Proud wearer of People Tree clothing,Knowing that when I buy People Tree I am making a sustainable fair choice with clothes that will last the distance makes me proud.,5,2018-04-06 06:53:13+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Very nice products and excellent…,Very nice products and excellent customer service. A pleasure to shop with.,5,2018-04-04 17:03:51+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Great quality - a big recommendation,Great quality and ethics! I love this brand because it’s very easy to shop there. The service is nice and helpfully. I recommend people tree a lot!,4,2018-02-14 14:55:18+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,"Great for quality, style and values","I have been buying Peopletree for several years now, and have about half a dozen of their things, mostly dresses. Their clothes fit well, wear well and are a staple of my wardrobe. Peopletree’s ethical credentials are great, but I don’t feel I have compromised on style. Their pieces are very wearable, and just a bit different which keeps me coming back.",5,2018-02-12 22:58:57+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,People Tree - Good quality,"I've a lot of items from People Tree. Every time there has been any kind of problem, they have solved it nicely. Very kind and excellent customer service. Good quality as well! :)",5,2018-02-12 19:28:08+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Thank you Peopletree!,"I have always had a great experience with Peopletree when ordering online and visiting the sample store days. I recently purchased the Sasha trousers and they are a great fit,  beautifully made and a company with a commendable ethos.  Thank you Peopletree!",5,2018-02-12 17:06:44+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,"Good quality, style and ethics","Good quality, style and ethics. Nice organic cotton and easy to shop/help from customer service. The Hollis jacket is great and the photos didn’t show it off in my view. It' s design, fit, comfort are all just right and reminds me of my Dad’s corduroy trousers, so a nice childhood memory. Thank you People Tree!",5,2018-02-10 11:34:25+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Excellent,Can not recommend People Tree highly enough. Beautiful clothes and accessories that you can buy guilt free as well as simple to use website.,5,2018-02-02 15:03:53+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Excellent quality fashion & ethical brand,"Fantastic service, great quality, excellent fashion choices & super ethical brand. Most of my wardrobe is people tree! Five stars.",5,2018-01-31 20:58:45+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,i would highly recommend people tree,"i would highly recommend people tree, i was so happy with my purchases, quality material and a speedy delivery, will definitely be shopping with them again.",5,2018-01-31 20:18:01+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Lovely ethical clothes,"Lovely clothes, excellent quality fabrics and manufacture, and high ethical standards. My experience of customer services both by phone and email has been friendly and efficient.",5,2018-01-30 16:10:10+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Ethical fashion at it's best,Ethical fashion at it's best. Quality garments and amazing customer service.,5,2018-01-16 11:50:39+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Stylish,"Stylish, beautiful well made clothes with a conscience. Long lasting and unique. Lots of compliments. A brand I'm proud to wear.",5,2018-01-12 22:56:46+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,I received my packet days late,"I received my packet days late,  it contained a complettely wrong item. I have sent it back in first class post and paid extra money to do so., People tree company hasn t received it after three weeks. I find that hard to believe. Still no refund. Extremely poor customer service. Never using this company again.",1,2017-10-09 17:44:03+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Where's the fair trade for customers?,"Where's the fair trade for customers?! My order never arrived although PT took the money from my account but sent no despatch email. I contacted People Tree and they sent out the order again and I did get this. Thinking it was a one-off I made a second order which did also arrive. However, neither came with despatch emails so had no idea if/when they would be arriving. I returned some items over a week ago but have received no acknowledgement or refund. This is all in the UK, a few miles from the PT office! Clothes returned to a different small retailer at the same time were acknowledged and refunded days ago.",1,2017-09-23 06:54:35+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,I have shopped with this company for …,I have shopped with this company for some years.The clothes are good quality and I have had no issues with customer service. I would recommend them for ethical fashion that has fairtrade at its very heart.,5,2017-09-22 15:41:08+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Perfect,"Perfect! A great first order,it was ok! i live in France, and i received the order quickly! Tout s'est très bien passés, commande conforme, reçue rapidement ( from UK) Produit top, pour une consommation responsable! Support fair trade fashion! Merci people tree, je recommande!",5,2017-07-22 16:12:44+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Definitely recommend.,"Excellent quality and delivered promptly.  I've had a couple of orders, 5 items all together, and they've all been perfect.  The sizes are good to generous so I have had no need to buy multiple sizes.I love that you can buy beautifully designed, well fitting clothes that are ethically sourced and at a comparable price to the high street.",5,2017-06-08 08:17:43+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Perfect!,"Bought 3 dresses on sale for the first time from this website.  Delivered to me in Australia within 2 weeks and were exactly as described.  I love the quality and style of the dresses.  The best part is that they're sustainable fairtrade pieces of high quality and at an entry-level price point. Well done. Highly recommended, I will be buying from Peopletree again!",5,2016-10-07 01:07:08+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,Don't Use the Online Store,"I purchased clothing online as the website looked legitimate and the clothes are beautiful. I paid extra for express courier delivery which states that it will be sent within 3-6 working days for orders in Europe. However the 6th day has passed already and I have not received my order. I know that things get delayed sometimes, but my gripe with this company is the fact that it seems impossible to get in touch with anyone from Customer Service. The courier delivery requires a signature and I need to be around the house to accept the parcel, but there were no delivery or tracking details sent to me, so I would at least have a rough idea of when I am to expect it. I tried emailing them, for which I received an automated reply letting me know that they take up to 48 hours to reply to emails. I tried calling them, but found myself directed to their voicemail service asking me to leave a message. I am starting to think that maybe this was a scam all along as I have never had any issues with any other UK based companies when using their online stores and delivery services. My advise to anyone outside the UK wanting to shop online at the Peopletree store is; DON'T DO IT! It's unnecessarily stressful and  their customer service is shocking. Companies like this make it difficult for other legitimate fair trade businesses.",1,2016-08-04 13:04:27+00:00,Trustpilot
People Tree,Ethical Fashion,"Wonderful clothes, organically produced.","I've bought a few things from People Tree over the last six months (mostly in the sales). The clothes are of very high standard and the deliveries always arrive within 2-3 days, with very minimal packaging. I'd thoroughly recommend them as a reasonably priced, ethical shopping destination!",5,2013-01-11 13:43:25+00:00,Trustpilot
